
Youth is easily deceived because it is quick to hope. - Aristotle

Wit is educated insolence. - Aristotle

What it lies in our power to do, it lies in our power not to do. - Aristotle

We make war that we may live in peace. - Aristotle

We live in deeds, not years: In thoughts not breaths; In feelings, not in figures on a dial. We should count time by heart throbs. He most lives Who thinks most, feels the noblest, acts the best. - Aristotle

We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, therefore, is not an act, but a habit. - Aristotle

Those who excel in virtue have the best right of all to rebel, but then they are of all men the least inclined to do so. - Aristotle

The secret to humor is surprise. - Aristotle

The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet. - Aristotle

The least initial deviation from the truth is multiplied later a thousandfold. - Aristotle

The gods too are fond of a joke. - Aristotle

The educated differ from the uneducated as much as the living from the dead. - Aristotle

The appropriate age for marriage is around eighteen for girls and thirty-seven for men. - Aristotle

The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance. - Aristotle

Strange that the vanity which accompanies beauty -- excusable, perhaps, when there is such great beauty, or at any rate understandable -- should persist after the beauty was gone. - Aristotle

Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities. - Aristotle

Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference. - Aristotle

One swallow does not make a summer. - Aristotle

Of all the varieties of virtues, liberalism is the most beloved. - Aristotle

No one would choose a friendless existence on condition of having all the other things in the world. - Aristotle

No great genius has ever existed without some touch of madness. - Aristotle

Nature does nothing uselessly. - Aristotle

My best friend is the man who in wishing me well wishes it for my sake. - Aristotle

Mothers are fonder than fathers of their children because they are more certain they are their own. - Aristotle

Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts. - Aristotle

Men create gods after their own image, not only with regard to their form but with regard to their mode of life. - Aristotle

Men acquire a particular quality by constantly acting in a particular way. - Aristotle

Man is by nature a political animal. - Aristotle

Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies. - Aristotle

Liars when they speak the truth are not believed. - Aristotle

It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims. - Aristotle

It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. - Aristotle

It is not once nor twice but times without number that the same ideas make their appearance in the world. - Aristotle

It is best to rise from life as from a banquet, neither thirsty nor drunken. - Aristotle

In nine cases out of ten, a woman had better show more affection than she feels. - Aristotle

If liberty and equality, as is thought by some, are chiefly to be found in democracy, they will be best attained when all persons alike share in government to the utmost. - Aristotle

I have gained this from philosophy: that I do without being commanded what others do only from fear of the law. - Aristotle

Humor is the only test of gravity, and gravity of humor; for a subject which will not bear raillery is suspicious, and a jest which will not bear serious examination is false wit. - Aristotle

Hope is a waking dream. - Aristotle

Happiness depends upon ourselves. - Aristotle

Friendship is a single soul dwelling in two bodies. - Aristotle

Fear is pain arising from the anticipation of evil. - Aristotle

Dignity does not consist in possessing honors, but in deserving them. - Aristotle

Democracy is when the indigent, and not the men of property, are the rulers. - Aristotle

Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees the others. - Aristotle

Character is that which reveals moral purpose, exposing the class of things a man chooses and avoids. - Aristotle

Bring your desires down to your present means. Increase them only when your increased means permit. - Aristotle

Both oligarch and tyrant mistrust the people, and therefore deprive them of their arms. - Aristotle

Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age. - Aristotle

Bad men are full of repentance. - Aristotle

Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. - Aristotle

All virtue is summed up in dealing justly. - Aristotle

All men desire to know. - Aristotle

All human actions have one or more of these seven causes: chance, nature, compulsions, habit, reason, passion, desire. - Aristotle

A tyrant must put on the appearance of uncommon devotion to religion. Subjects are less apprehensive of illegal treatment from a ruler whom they consider god-fearing and pious. On the other hand, they do less easily move against him, believing that he has the gods on his side. - Aristotle

There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable. There is another theory which states that this has already happened. - Douglas Adams

Nothing travels faster than the speed of light, with the possible exception of bad news, which obeys its own set of laws. - Douglas Adams

Man [has] always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much-the wheel, New York, wars and so on-while all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man-for precisely the same reason. - Douglas Adams

It is a mistake to think you can solve any major problems just with potatoes. - Douglas Adams

In the beginning, the universe was created. This made a lot of people very angry, and has been widely regarded as a bad idea. - Douglas Adams

If it looks like a duck, and quacks like a duck, we have at least to consider the possibility that we have a small aquatic bird of the family anatidae on our hands. - Douglas Adams

I think the idea of art kills creativity. - Douglas Adams

I love deadlines. I especially like the whooshing sound they make as they go flying by. - Douglas Adams

I am so amazingly cool you could keep a side of meat in me for a month. I am so hip I have difficulty seeing over my pelvis. - Douglas Adams

Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job. - Douglas Adams

You are apprehensive of monarchy; I, of aristocracy. I would therefore have given more power to the President and less to the Senate. - John Adams

We're in a war, dammit! We're going to have to offend somebody! - John Adams

We have no government armed with power capable of contending with human passions unbridled by morality and religion. Avarice, ambition, revenge, or gallantry, would break the strongest cords of our Constitution as a whale goes through a net. Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious people. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other. - John Adams

There are two types of education. One should teach us how to make a living, And the other how to live. - John Adams

The jaws of power are always open to devour, and her arm is always stretched out, if possible, to destroy the freedom of thinking, speaking, and writing. - John Adams

Remember, democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. - John Adams

Never trouble trouble till trouble troubles you. - John Adams

It must be felt that there is no national security but in the nation's humble acknowledged dependence upon God and His overruling providence. - John Adams

I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. My sons ought to study mathematics and philosophy, geography, natural history, naval architecture, navigation, commerce and agriculture in order to give their children a right to study painting, poetry, music, architecture, statuary, tapestry, and porcelain. - John Adams

I am well aware of the toil and blood and treasure that it will cost to maintain this Declaration, and support and defend these States. Yet through all the gloom I can see the rays of ravishing light and glory. I can see that the end is worth more than the means. - John Adams

Had I been chosen President again, I am certain I could not have lived another year. - John Adams

Great is the guilt of an unnecessary war. - John Adams

Nothing inspires forgiveness quite like revenge. - Scott Adams

If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions. - Scott Adams

Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. - Scott Adams

The natural liberty of man is to be free from any superior power on Earth, and not to be under the will or legislative authority of man, but only to have the law of nature for his rule. - Samuel Adams

The country shall be independent, and we will be satisfied with nothing short of it. - Samuel Adams

The Constitution shall never be construed...to prevent the people of the United States who are peaceable citizens from keeping their own arms. - Samuel Adams

Our contest is not only whether we ourselves shall be free, but whether there shall be left to mankind an asylum on earth for civil and religious liberty. - Samuel Adams

Mankind are governed more by their feelings than by reason. - Samuel Adams

It does not require a majority to prevail, but rather an irate, tireless minority keen to set brush fires in people's minds. - Samuel Adams

If ye love wealth greater than liberty, the tranquility of servitude greater than the animating contest for freedom, go home from us in peace. We seek not your counsel, nor your arms. Crouch down and lick the hand that feeds you; May your chains set lightly upon you, and may posterity forget that ye were our countrymen. - Samuel Adams

If ever time should come, when vain and aspiring men shall possess the highest seats in Government, our country will stand in need of its experienced patriots to prevent its ruin. - Samuel Adams

He therefore is the truest friend to the liberty of this country who tries most to promote its virtue, and who, so far as his power and influence extend, will not suffer a man to be chosen into any office of power and trust who is not a wise and virtuous man. - Samuel Adams

Driven from every other corner of the earth, freedom of thought and the right of private judgment in matters of conscience direct their course to this happy country as their last resort. - Samuel Adams

Among the natural rights of the colonists are these: First a right to life, secondly to liberty, and thirdly to property; together with the right to defend them in the best manner they can. - Samuel Adams

What sunshine is to flowers, smiles are to humanity. These are but trifles, to be sure; but scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable. - Joseph Addison

What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to the soul. - Joseph Addison

To be an atheist requires an infinitely greater measure of faith than to receive all the great truths which atheism would deny. - Joseph Addison

Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. - Joseph Addison

Ridicule is generally made use of to laugh men out of virtue and good sense, by attacking everything praiseworthy in human life. - Joseph Addison

A woman seldom asks advice before she has bought her wedding clothes. - Joseph Addison

So where's the Cannes Film Festival being held this year? - Christina Aguilera

When you're as great as I am, it's hard to be humble. - Muhammad Ali

The man who views the world at 50 the same as he did at 20 has wasted 30 years of his life. - Muhammad Ali

The fight is won or lost far away from the witnesses, behind the lines, in the gym, and out there on the road; long before I dance under those lights. - Muhammad Ali

Silence is golden when you can't think of a good answer. - Muhammad Ali

My toughest fight was with my first wife. - Muhammad Ali

I've seen George Foreman shadow boxing and the shadow won. - Muhammad Ali

I'm so fast that, last night, I turned off the light switch in my hotel room and was in bed before the room was dark. - Muhammad Ali

Inside of a ring or out, ain't nothing wrong with going down. It's staying down that's wrong. - Muhammad Ali

I don't always know what I'm talking about but I know I'm right. - Muhammad Ali

He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. - Muhammad Ali

Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee. - Muhammad Ali

Boxing is a lot of white men watching two black men beat each other up. - Muhammad Ali

The secret of getting things done is to act! - Dante Alighieri

The darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis. - Dante Alighieri

The customs and fashions of men change like leaves on the bough, some of which go and others come. - Dante Alighieri

He loves but little who can say and count in words how much he loves. - Dante Alighieri

He listens well who takes notes. - Dante Alighieri

All malice has injustice at it's end, an end achieved by violence or by fraud; while both are sins that earn the hate of heaven, since fraud belongs exclusively to man, God hates it more and, therefore, far below, the fraudulent are placed and suffer most. - Dante Alighieri

When we played softball, I'd steal second base, feel guilty and go back. - Woody Allen

There is no question that there is an unseen world. The problem is, how far is it from midtown and how late is it open? - Woody Allen

The good thing about being bisexual is that it doubles your chance of a date on a Saturday night. - Woody Allen

The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you. - Woody Allen

Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go, it's pretty damn good. - Woody Allen

Sex between a man and a woman can be absolutely wonderful - provided you get between the right man and the right woman. - Woody Allen

Sex alleviates tension. Love causes it. - Woody Allen

Remember, if you smoke after sex you're doing it too fast. - Woody Allen

On the plus side, death is one of the few things that can be done just as easily lying down. - Woody Allen

My one regret in life is that I am not someone else. - Woody Allen

More than any time in history mankind faces a crossroads. One path leads to despair and utter hopelessness, the other to total extinction. Let us pray that we have the wisdom to choose correctly. - Woody Allen

Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons. - Woody Allen

Love is the answer, but while you are waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions. - Woody Allen

Last night I discovered a new form of oral contraceptive. I asked a girl to go to bed with me and she said no. - Woody Allen

I'm very proud of my gold pocket watch. My grandfather, on his deathbed, sold me this watch. - Woody Allen

I'm not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens. - Woody Allen

I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown. - Woody Allen

It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better, while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more. - Woody Allen

It is impossible to travel faster than the speed of light, and certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off. - Woody Allen

It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune. - Woody Allen

I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam: I looked into the soul of another boy. - Woody Allen

I have an intense desire to return to the womb. Anybody's. - Woody Allen

I don't want to achieve immortality through my work; I want to achieve immortality through not dying. - Woody Allen

I believe that sex is a beautiful thing between two people. Between five, it's fantastic. - Woody Allen

Eighty percent of success is showing up. - Woody Allen

Basically my wife was immature. I'd be at home in my bath and she'd come in and sink my boats. - Woody Allen

I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me. - Fred Allen

I have just returned from Boston. It is the only sane thing to do if you find yourself up there. - Fred Allen

Hanging is too good for a man who makes puns -- he should be drawn and quoted. - Fred Allen

A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can do nothing, but together can decide that nothing can be done. - Fred Allen

A celebrity is a person who works hard all his life to become well known, then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized. - Fred Allen

Knowledge is not wisdom, unless used wisely. - J.D. Anderson

If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough. - Mario Andretti

The women of this nation in 1876, have greater cause for discontent, rebellion and revolution than the men of 1776. - Susan B. Anthony

Suffrage is the pivotal right. - Susan B. Anthony

It was we, the people; not we, the white male citizens; nor yet we, the male citizens; but we, the whole people, who formed the Union... Men, their rights and nothing more; women, their rights and nothing less. - Susan B. Anthony

Aging is mandatory. Maturity is optional. - Chris Antonak

To one who has faith, no explanation is necessary. To one without faith, no explanation is possible. - Thomas Aquinas

Love takes up where knowledge leaves off. - Thomas Aquinas

If the primary aim of a captain were to preserve his ship, he would keep it in port forever. - Thomas Aquinas

That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind. - Neil Armstrong

Strange that the vanity which accompanies beauty -- excusable, perhaps, when there is such great beauty, or at any rate understandable -- should persist after the beauty was gone. - Mary Arnim

Truth sits upon the lips of dying men. - Matthew Arnold

Journalism is literature in a hurry. - Matthew Arnold

Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly. - Voltaire

Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination. - Voltaire

Appreciation is a wonderful thing: It makes what is excellent in others belong to us as well. - Voltaire

Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung. - Voltaire

A witty saying proves nothing. - Voltaire

Why is it that you physicists always require so much expensive equipment? Now the Department of Mathematics requires nothing but money for paper, pencils, and erasers...and the Department of Philosophy is better still. It doesn't even ask for erasers. - Isaac Asimov

The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' (I found it!) but 'That's funny...' - Isaac Asimov

The Law of conservation of energy tells us we can't get something for nothing, but we refuse to believe it. - Isaac Asimov

Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome. - Isaac Asimov

What, then, is time? If no one asks me, I know what it is. If I wish to explain it to him who asks, I do not know. - Saint Augustine

Unless you believe, you will not understand. - Saint Augustine

This is the very perfection of a man, to find out his own imperfections. - Saint Augustine

The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page. - Saint Augustine

The words printed here are concepts. You must go through the experiences. - Saint Augustine

The higher your structure is to be, the deeper must be its foundation. - Saint Augustine

The argument is at an end. - Saint Augustine

Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. - Saint Augustine

Sin is its own punishment. - Saint Augustine

Pray as though everything depended on God. Work as though everything depended on you. - Saint Augustine

Patience is the companion of wisdom. - Saint Augustine

Never judge a philosophy by its abuse. - Saint Augustine

Men go abroad to wonder at the heights of mountains, at the huge waves of the sea, at the long courses of the rivers, at the vast compass of the ocean, at the circular motions of the stars, and they pass by themselves without wondering. - Saint Augustine

Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible. - Saint Augustine

I was in love with loving. - Saint Augustine

Humility is the foundation of all the other virtues hence, in the soul in which this virtue does not exist there cannot be any other virtue except in mere appearance. - Saint Augustine

He that is kind is free, though he is a slave; he that is evil is a slave, though he be a king. - Saint Augustine

God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. - Saint Augustine

God is more truly imagined than expressed, and He exists more truly than He is imagined. - Saint Augustine

God does not give heed to the ambitiousness of our prayers, because he is always ready to give to us his light, not a visible light but an intellectual and spiritual one; but we are not always ready to receive it when we turn aside and down to other things out of a desire for temporal things. - Saint Augustine

Give me chastity and continence, but not yet. - Saint Augustine

Find out how much God has given you and from it take what you need; the remainder is needed by others. - Saint Augustine

Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe. - Saint Augustine

Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all. - Saint Augustine

Beauty is indeed a good gift of God; but that the good may not think it a great good, God dispenses it even to the wicked. - Saint Augustine

The wise man learns more from the fool than the fool learns from the wise man. - Marcus Aurelius

Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe love nothing so much as to change. The Universe is change. - Marcus Aurelius

It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live. - Marcus Aurelius

In the life of a man, his time is but a moment...his sense, a dim rushlight. All that is body is as coursing waters...all that is of the soul, as dreams, and vapors. - Marcus Aurelius

I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others. - Marcus Aurelius

Be like the promontory against which the waves continually break, but it stands firm and tames the fury of the water around it. - Marcus Aurelius

Experience has taught me that there is one chief reason why some people succeed and others fail. The difference is not one of knowing, but of doing. The successful man is not so superior in ability as in action. So far as success can be reduced to a formula, it consists of this: doing what you know you should do. - Roger Babson

I think your whole life shows in your face and you should be proud of that. - Lauren Bacall

I am not a has-been. I am a will be. - Lauren Bacall

Real love stories never have endings. - Richard Bach

Reading makes a full man; conference a ready man; and writing an exact man. - Francis Bacon

Never exaggerate your faults. Your friends will attend to that. - Francis Bacon

It is impossible to love and to be wise. - Francis Bacon

Atheism is rather in the life than in the heart of man. - Francis Bacon

A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds. - Francis Bacon

A prudent question is one-half of wisdom. - Francis Bacon

People who say you're just as old as you feel are all wrong, fortunately. - Russell Baker

The urge for destruction is also a creative urge. - Mikhail Bakunin

Freedom is not something that anybody can be given; freedom is something people take and people are as free as they want to be. - James Baldwin

The secret to staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly and lie about your age. - Lucille Ball

Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. - Lucille Ball

Honeymoon: a short period of doting between dating and debating. - Ray Bandy

Ghosts, like ladies, never speak till spoken to. - Richard Harris Barham

Television is the first truly democratic culture - the first culture available to everybody and entirely governed by what the people want. The most terrifying thing is what people do want. - Clive Barnes

I'm not upset about my divorce. I'm only upset I'm not a widow. - Roseanne Barr

Those who bring sunshine to the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves. - James Matthew Barrie

It's not how old you are, it's how hard you work at it. - Jonah Barrington

'You scratch my back, and I'll suck blood out of yours' - that is the insect motto. - Dave Barry 

Look closely at Central America, and try to imagine what would happen if this vital region were to fall into Communist hands. What would happen is a lot of Communists would be stung repeatedly by vivious tropical insects the size of mature hamsters." - Dave Barry 

You should never pick up a newspaper when you're feeling good, because every newspaper has a special department, called the Bummer Desk, which is responsible for digging up depressing front-page stories with headlines like DOORBELL USE LINKED TO LEUKEMIA and OZONE LAYER COMPLETELY GONE DIRECTLY OVER YOUR HOUSE. - Dave Barry 

You should do your own car repairs. It's an easy way to save money and possibly maim yourself for life. - Dave Barry 

You can say any foolish thing to a dog, and the dog will give you a look that says, My God, you're right! I never would've thought of that!"" - Dave Barry 

Without question, the greatest invention in the history of mankind is beer. Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza. - Dave Barry 

Without computers, the government would be unable to function at the level of effectiveness and efficiency that we have come to expect. This is because the primary function of the government is -- and here I am quoting directly from the U.S. Constitution -- 'to spew out paper.' - Dave Barry 

When you get right down to it, the Safety Lecture is a silly idea. I mean, if the passengers really thought the plane was going to crash, they wouldn't get on it in the first place, let alone learn how to get an adequate oxygen supply on the way down. - Dave Barry 

What I look forward to is continued immaturity followed by death. - Dave Barry 

What happens if a big asteroid hits Earth? Judging from realistic simulations involving a sledge hammer and a common laboratory frog, we can assume it will be pretty bad. - Dave Barry 

We'll try to cooperate fully with the IRS, because, as citizens, we feel a strong patriotic duty not to go to jail. - Dave Barry 

We should enact an 'e' tax. Government agents would roam the country looking for stores whose names contained any word that ended in an unnecessary 'e,' such as 'shoppe' or 'olde,' and the owners of these stores would be taxed at a flat rate of $50,000 per year per 'e.' We should also consider an additional $50,000 'ye' tax, so that the owner of a store called 'Ye Olde Shoppe' would have to fork over $150,000 a year. In extreme cases, such as 'Ye Olde Barne Shoppe,' the owner would simply be taken outside and shot. - Dave Barry 

We humans do not need to leave Earth to get to a hostile, deadly, alien environment; we already have Miami. - Dave Barry 

Tokyo is huge. Something like 15 million people live there, and my estimate is that at any given moment, 14.7 million of them are lost. This is because the Tokyo street system holds the world outdoor record for randomness. A map of Tokyo looks like a tub of hyperactive bait. There is virtually no street that goes directly from anywhere to anywhere. - Dave Barry 

To you taxpayers out there, let me say this: Make sure you file your tax return on time! And remember that, even though income taxes can be a “pain in the neck,” the folks at the IRS are regular people just like you, except that they can destroy your life. - Dave Barry 

To defend Western Europe we have to let the Pentagon buy all these tanks and guns and things, and the Pentagon is unable to buy any object that that costs less than a condominium in Vail. If the Pentagon needs, say, fruit, it will argue that it must have fruit that can withstand the rigors of combat conditions, and it will wind up purchasing the FX-700 Seedless Tactical Grape, which will cost $160,000 per bunch, and will have an 83 percent failure rate. - Dave Barry 

Thus the metric system did not really catch on in the States, unless you count the increasing popularity of the nine-millimeter bullet. - Dave Barry 

There are no seeing eye cats, of course, because the sole function of cats, in the Great Chain of Life, is to cause harm to human beings. - Dave Barry 

There are many silly superstitions about lightning, and as a result many people - maybe even you - are terrified of it. You shouldn't worry. Thanks to modern science we now know that lightning is nothing more than huge chunks of electricity that can come out of the sky, anytime, anywhere, and kill you. - Dave Barry 

The reason gas stations sell food, of course, is that the supermarkets are busy cashing checks. The supermarkets have to cash checks because the banks are busy mailing unsolicited credit cards to everybody in the Western Hemisphere. The result is that very few people fix cars. - Dave Barry 

The only really good place to buy lumber is at a store where the lumber has already been cut and attached together in the form of furniture, finished, and put inside boxes. - Dave Barry 

The only kind of seafood I trust is the fish stick, a totally featureless fish that doesn't have eyeballs or fins. - Dave Barry 

The only flaw in the Hinckley trial is that it left a lot of people with the impression that psychiatrists are just a bunch of bearded voodoo doctors who espouse confusing and wildly contradictory theories that have nothing to do with common sense. This is totally unfair. Many psychiatrists are clean-shaven. - Dave Barry 

The one thing that unites all human beings, regardless of age, gender, religion, economic status or ethnic background, is that, deep down inside, we ALL believe that we are above- average drivers. - Dave Barry 

The major parties could conduct live human sacrifices on their podiums during prime time, and I doubt that anybody would notice. - Dave Barry 

The leading cause of death among fashion models is falling through street grates. - Dave Barry 

The Internet: Transforming Society and Shaping the Future Through Chat. - Dave Barry 

The Internet is a giant international network of intelligent, informed computer enthusiasts, by which I mean, people without lives." We don't care. We have each other..." - Dave Barry 

The information encoded in your DNA determines your unique biological characteristics, such as sex, eye color, age and Social Security number. - Dave Barry 

The function of RAM is to give us guys a way of deciding whose computer has the biggest, studliest, most tumescent MEMORY. This is important, because with today's complex software, the more memory a computer has, the faster it can produce error messages. So the bottom line is, if you're a guy, you cannot have enough RAM. - Dave Barry 

The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl. - Dave Barry 

The Democrats seem to be basically nicer people, but they have demonstrated time and again that they have the management skills of celery. - Dave Barry 

The books all say that barracuda rarely eat people, but very few barracuda can read, and they have far more teeth than would be necessary for a strictly seafood diet. Their mouths look like the entire $39.95 set of Ginsu knives, including the handy Arm Slicer. - Dave Barry 

The ACLU is always yakking about the Constitution, and most of us are getting mighty tired of it. I mean, if the Constitution is so great, how come it was amended so many times? Huh? - Dave Barry 

Talking about golf is always boring. (Playing golf can be interesting, but not the part where you try to hit the little ball; only the part where you drive the cart.) - Dave Barry 

Stuffwise we are not a lean operation. We're the kind of people who, if we were deciding what absolute minimum essential items we'd need to carry in our backpacks for the final, treacherous ascent to the summit of Mount Everest, would take along aquarium filters, just in case. - Dave Barry 

Snowboarding is an activity that is very popular with people who do not feel that regular skiing is lethal enough. - Dave Barry 

Skiing combines outdoor fun with knocking down trees with your face. - Dave Barry 

Scientists tell us that the fastest animal on earth, with a top speed of 120 ft/sec, is a cow that has been dropped out of a helicopter. - Dave Barry 

Puns are little plays on words that a certain breed of person loves to spring on you and then look at you in a certain self-satisfied way to indicate that he thinks that you must think that he is by far the cleverest person on Earth now that Benjamin Franklin is dead. - Dave Barry 

People who want to share their religious views with you almost never want you to share yours with them. - Dave Barry 

Over the next hundred years or so football saw a great many major innovations and refinements that are too boring to even think about. Along the way professional football came into being so that the largest and most violent college players would have a way to earn money other than simply demanding it from innocent civilians. - Dave Barry 

Once again, we come to the Holiday Season, a deeply religious time that each of us observes, in his own way, by going to the mall of his choice. - Dave Barry 

On the Japanese news, if the announcers had happy faces and perky voices, I knew that meant good news, such as that Japanese scientists had discovered a way to make VCR's even more difficult for Americans to program; whereas if the announcers had serious voices and frowny faces, it meant bad news, such as the worsening eel shortage. - Dave Barry 

Not all chemicals are bad. Without chemicals such as hydrogen and oxygen, for example, there would be no way to make water, a vital ingredient in beer. - Dave Barry 

Nobody cares if you can't dance well. Just get up and dance. - Dave Barry 

My therapist told me the way to achieve true inner peace is to finish what I start. So far today, I have finished 2 bags of M&M's and a chocolate cake. I feel better already. - Dave Barry 

My mother used to say to me: Son, it's better to be rich and healthy than poor and sick." I think that still makes a heck of a lot of sense, even in these troubles times." - Dave Barry 

MEGAHERTZ: This is a really, really big hertz. - Dave Barry 

Males have a lot of trouble not looking at breasts. What is worse, males cannot look at breasts and think at the same time. In fact, scientists now believe that the primary biological function of breasts is to make males stupid. This was proved in a famous 1978 laboratory experiment wherein a team of leading male psychological researchers at Yale deliberately looked at photographs of breasts every day for two years, at the end of which they concluded that they had failed to take any notes. We forgot," they said. "We'll have to do it over."" - Dave Barry 

Magnetism, as you recall from physics class, is a powerful force that causes certain items to be attracted to refrigerators. - Dave Barry 

Magnetism is one of the Six Fundamental Forces of the Universe, with the other five being Gravity, Duct Tape, Whining, Remote Control, and The Force That Pulls Dogs Toward The Groins Of Strangers. - Dave Barry 

Like many members of the uncultured, Cheez-It consuming public, I am not good at grasping modern art. - Dave Barry 

Life is anything that dies when you stomp on it. - Dave Barry 

Karate is a form of marital arts in which people who have had years and years of training can, using only their hands and feet, make some of the worst movies in the history of the world. - Dave Barry 

I'm a middle age white guy, which means I'm constantly reminded that my particular group is responsible for the oppression of every known minority PLUS most wars PLUS government corruption PLUS pollution of the environment, not to mention that it was middle-age white guys who killed Bambi's mom. - Dave Barry 

It is never okay to throw away veteran underwear. A real guy checks the garbage regularly in case somebody - and we are not naming names but this would be his wife - is quietly trying to discard his underwear, which she is frankly jealous of, because the guy seems to have a more intimate relationship with it than with her. - Dave Barry 

It is a well-documented fact that guys will not ask for directions. This is a biological thing. This is why it takes several million guy sperm cells, each one wriggling in its own direction, totally confident it knows where it is going, to locate a female egg, despite the fact that the egg is, relative to them, the size of Wisconsin. - Dave Barry 

It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. - Dave Barry 

It is a good idea to shop around before you settle on a doctor. Ask about the condition of his Mercedes. Ask about the competence of his mechanic. Don't be shy! After all, you're paying for it." - Dave Barry 

It always rains on tents. Rainstorms will travel thousands of miles, against prevailing winds for the opportunity to rain on a tent. - Dave Barry 

In the past decade or so, the women's magazines have taken to running home-handyperson articles suggesting that women can learn to fix things just as well as men. These articles are apparently based on the ludicrous assumption that men know how to fix things, when in fact all they know how to do is look at things in a certain squinty-eyed manner, which they learned in Wood Shop; eventually, when enough things in the home are broken, they take a job requiring them to transfer to another home. - Dave Barry 

In the old days, it was not called the Holiday Season; the Christians called it 'Christmas' and went to church; the Jews called it 'Hanukkah' and went to synagogue; the atheists went to parties and drank. People passing each other on the street would say 'Merry Christmas!' or 'Happy Hanukkah!' or (to the atheists) 'Look out for the wall!' - Dave Barry 

In some versions of my original contest column I had proposed, in a lighthearted manner, that we reduce the deficit by 'selling unnecessary states such as Oklahoma to the Japanese.' This caused a number of Oklahomans to send in letters containing many correctly spelled words and making the central lighthearted point that I am a jerk. They also sent me official literature stating that Oklahoma has enormous quantities of culture in the form of ballet, Oral Roberts, etc., and that the Official State Reptile -- I am not making this up -- is something called the 'Mountain Boomer.' So I apologize to Oklahoma, and as a token of my sincerity I'm willing to sell my state, Florida, to the Japanese, assuming nobody objects to the fact that Japan would suddenly become the most heavily armed nation on Earth. - Dave Barry 

In fact, just about all the major natural attractions you find in the West -- the Grand Canyon, the Badlands, the Goodlands, the Mediocrelands, the Rocky Mountains and Robert Redford -- were caused by erosion. - Dave Barry 

If you were to open up a baby's head -- and I am not for a moment suggesting that you should -- you would find nothing but an enormous drool gland. - Dave Barry 

If you surveyed a hundred typical middle-aged Americans, I bet you'd find that only two of them could tell you their blood types, but every last one of them would know the theme song from The Beverly Hillbillies. - Dave Barry 

If God had wanted us to spend our time fretting about the problems of home ownership, He would never have invented beer. - Dave Barry 

If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would have made them cute and furry. - Dave Barry 

If a woman has to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she will choose to save the infant's life without even considering if there are men on base. - Dave Barry 

I would not know how I am supposed to feel about many stories if not for the fact that the TV news personalities make sad faces for sad stories and happy faces for happy stories. - Dave Barry 

I recently had my annual physical examination, which I get once every seven years, and when the nurse weighed me, I was shocked to discover how much stronger the Earth's gravitational pull has become since 1990. - Dave Barry 

I realise that I'm making gender-based generalizations here, but my feeling is that if God did not want us to make gender-based generalizations, She would not have given us genders. - Dave Barry 

I probably should never have been there anyway, and it served me right when the two alert police officers fired up their siren, pulled me over, and pointed out that my car's registration had expired. I had not realized this, and as you can imagine I felt like quite the renegade outlaw as one of the officers painstakingly wrote out my ticket, standing well to the side of the road so as to avoid getting hit by the steady stream of passing unlicensed and uninsured motorists driving their stolen cars with their left hands so that their right hands would be free to keep their pit bulls from spilling their cocaine all over their machine guns. Not that I am bitter. - Dave Barry 

I have not felt remotely cool for a long time, thanks largely to the relentless efforts of my teenage son, whose goal in life is to make me feel 3,500 years old. We'll be in the car, and he'll say, 'You wanna hear my new CD?' And I, flattered that he thinks his old man might like the same music he does, will say 'Sure!' So he increases the sound-system volume setting from '4' to 'Meteor Impact,' and he puts in a CD by a band with a name like 'Pustule,' and the next thing I know gigantic nuclear bass notes have blown out all the car windows and activated both the driver- and passenger-side air bags, and I'm writhing on the floor, screaming for mercy with jets of blood spurting three feet from my ears. My son then ejects the CD, smiling contentedly, knowing he as purchased a winner. On those extremely rare occasions when I like one of his CDs, I imagine he destroys it with a blowtorch. - Dave Barry 

I hate rap music, which to me sounds like a bunch of angry men shouting, possibly because the person who was supposed to provide them with a melody never showed up. - Dave Barry 

I figured out why I'm not getting seriously rich. I write newspaper columns. Nobody ever makes newspaper columns into Major Motion Pictures starring Tom Cruise. The best you can hope for, with a newspaper column, is that people will like it enough to attach it to their refrigerators with magnets shaped like fruit. - Dave Barry 

I don't know what the new Ford will be called. Probably something like the 'Ford Untamed Wilderness Adventure.' In the TV commercials, it will be shown splashing through rivers, charging up rocky mountainsides, swinging on vines, diving off cliffs, racing through the surf, and fighting giant sharks hundreds of feet beneath the ocean surface -- all the daredevil things that cars do in Sport Utility Vehicle Commercial World, where nobody ever drives on an actual world. In fact, the interstate highways in Sport Utility Vehicle Commercial World, having been abandoned by humans, are teeming with deer, squirrels, birds, and other wildlife species that have fled from the forests to avoid being run over by nature-seekers in multi-ton vehicles barreling through the underbrush at 50 miles per hour. - Dave Barry 

I assume you are on the Internet. If you are not, then pardon my French, but vous êtes un big loser. Today EVERYBODY is on the Internet, including the primitive Mud People of the Amazon rain forest. In the old days, when the Mud People needed food, they had to manually throw spears at wild boars; whereas today they simply get on the Internet, go to www.spear-a-boar.com and click their mouse a few times (the Mud People use actual mice). Within three business days, a large box is delivered to them by a UPS driver, whom they eat. - Dave Barry 

I argue very well. Ask any of my remaining friends. I can win an argument on any topic, against any opponent. People know this, and steer clear of me at parties. Often, as a sign of their great respect, they don't even invite me. - Dave Barry 

Have you noticed that whatever sport you're trying to learn, some earnest person is always telling you to keep your knees bent? - Dave Barry 

Experts tell us that if the Millennium Bug is not fixed, when the year 2000 arrives, our financial records will be inaccurate, our telephone system will be unreliable, our government will be paralyzed and airline flights will be canceled without warning. In other words, things will be pretty much the same as they are now. - Dave Barry 

Drug testing is very big in football. This is because football players are Role Models for young people. All you young people out there want to grow up and have enormous necks and get knee operations as often as haircuts. That's why the people in charge of football don't want you to associate it with drugs. They want you to associate it with alcohol. - Dave Barry 

Don't you wish you had a job like mine? All you have to do is think up a certain number of words! Plus, you can repeat words! And they don't even have to be true! - Dave Barry 

Cooking was invented in prehistoric times, when a primitive tribe had a lucky accident. The tribe had killed an animal and was going to eat it raw, when a tribe member named Woog tripped and dropped it into the fire. At first the other tribe members were angry at Woog, but then, as the aroma of burning meat filled the air, they had an idea. So they ate Woog raw. - Dave Barry 

Congress, after years of stalling, finally got around to clearing the way for informal discussions that might lead to possible formal talks that could potentially produce some kind of tentative agreements... - Dave Barry 

Classical music gradually lost popularity because it is too complicated: you need twenty-five or thirty skilled musicians just to hum it properly. So people began to develop regular music. - Dave Barry 

Childbirth, as a strictly physical phenomenon, is comparable to driving a United Parcel truck through an inner tube. - Dave Barry 

Camping is nature's way of promoting the motel business. - Dave Barry 

Buying the right computer and getting it to work properly is no more complicated than building a nuclear reactor from wristwatch parts in a darkened room using only your teeth. - Dave Barry 

Big business never pays a nickel in taxes, according to Ralph Nader, who represents a big consumer organization that never pays a nickel in taxes. - Dave Barry 

Because of the level of my chess game, I was able - even against a weak opponent, such as my younger brothers or the dog - to get myself checkmated in under three minutes. I challenge any computer to do it faster. - Dave Barry 

Back in the old days, most families were close-knit. Grown children and their parents continued to live together, under the same roof, sometimes in the same small, crowded room, year in and year out, until they died, frequently by strangulation. - Dave Barry 

As a child, I was more afraid of tetanus shots than, for example, Dracula. - Dave Barry 

American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective employees be honest and hardworking. It has even stopped hoping for employees who are educated enough that they can tell the difference between the men's room and the women's room without having little pictures on the doors. - Dave Barry 

Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing. - Dave Barry 

Admit it, sport-utility-vehicle owners! It's shaped a little differently, but it's a station wagon! And you do not drive it across rivers! You drive it across the Wal-Mart parking lot! - Dave Barry 

A guy could have one major limb lying on the ground a full ten feet from the rest of his body, and he'd claim it was 'just a sprain'. - Dave Barry 

Young love is a flame; very pretty, often very hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. The love of the older and disciplined heart is as coals, deep burning, unquenchable. - Henry Ward Beecher

The unthankful heart... discovers no mercies; but let the thankful heart sweep through the day and, as the magnet finds the iron, so it will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings! - Henry Ward Beecher

The philosophy of one century is the common sense of the next. - Henry Ward Beecher

The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things. - Henry Ward Beecher

It is not the going out of port, but the coming in, that determines the success of a voyage. - Henry Ward Beecher

I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love. - Henry Ward Beecher

The fragrance always stays in the hand that gives the rose. - Hada Bejar

You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write. - Saul Bellow

Whoever wants to reach a distant goal must take small steps. - Saul Bellow

When we ask for advice, we are usually looking for an accomplice. - Saul Bellow

What is art but a way of seeing? - Saul Bellow

There is an immense, painful longing for a broader, more flexible, fuller, more coherent, more comprehensive account of what we human beings are, who we are, and what this life is for. - Saul Bellow

The presidency is now a cross between a popularity contest and a high school debate, with an encyclopedia of cliches the first prize. - Saul Bellow

She was what we used to call a suicide blond - dyed by her own hand. - Saul Bellow

I discovered that rejections are not altogether a bad thing. They teach a writer to rely on his own judgment and to say in his heart of hearts, 'To hell with you.' - Saul Bellow

Everybody needs his memories. They keep the wolf of insignificance from the door. - Saul Bellow

California is like an artificial limb the rest of the country doesn't really need. You can quote me on that. - Saul Bellow

A novel is balanced between a few true impressions and the multitude of false ones that make up most of what we call life. - Saul Bellow

A great deal of intelligence can be invested in ignorance when the need for illusion is deep. - Saul Bellow

Drinking makes such fools of people, and people are such fools to begin with, that it's compounding a felony. - Robert Benchley

Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils. - Louis Hector Berlioz

You should always go to other people's funerals; otherwise, they won't come to yours. - Yogi Berra 

You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there. - Yogi Berra 

You give 100 percent in the first half of the game, and if that isn't enough in the second half you give what's left. - Yogi Berra 

You can observe a lot just by watchin'. - Yogi Berra 

You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six. - Yogi Berra 

Why buy good luggage? You only use it when you travel. - Yogi Berra 

When you come to a fork in the road, take it. - Yogi Berra 

This is like deja vu all over again. - Yogi Berra 

The towels were so thick there I could hardly close my suitcase. - Yogi Berra 

Slump? I ain't in no slump... I just ain't hitting. - Yogi Berra 

Nobody goes there anymore; it's too crowded. - Yogi Berra 

Little League baseball is a good thing 'cause it keeps the parents off the streets and it keeps the kids out of the house. - Yogi Berra 

It was impossible to get a conversation going, everybody was talking too much. - Yogi Berra 

It ain't over till it's over. - Yogi Berra 

In baseball, you don't know nothin'. - Yogi Berra 

If you can't imitate him, don't copy him. - Yogi Berra 

If people don’t come to the games, you can’t stop them. - Yogi Berra 

I wish I had an answer to that, because I'm tired of answering that question. - Yogi Berra 

I want to thank everyone who made this night necessary. - Yogi Berra 

I made a wrong mistake. - Yogi Berra 

I didn't really say everything I said. - Yogi Berra 

I couldn't tell if the streaker was a man or a woman because it had a bag on it's head. - Yogi Berra 

Baseball is 90% mental, the other half is physical. - Yogi Berra 

A nickel isn't worth a dime today. - Yogi Berra 

You are not permitted to kill a woman who has wronged you, but nothing forbids you to reflect that she is growing older every minute. You are avenged 1440 times a day. - Ambrose Bierce

Wedding: a ceremony at which two persons undertake to become one, one undertakes to become nothing, and nothing undertakes to become supportable. - Ambrose Bierce

We know what happens to people who stay in the middle of the road. They get run over. - Ambrose Bierce

The world has suffered more from the ravages of ill-advised marriages than from virginity. - Ambrose Bierce

The small part of ignorance that we arrange and classify we give the name of knowledge. - Ambrose Bierce

The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling. - Ambrose Bierce

The covers of this book are too far apart. - Ambrose Bierce

Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you will ever regret. - Ambrose Bierce

PRESIDENT, n. The leading figure in a small group of men of whom — and of whom only — it is positively known that immense numbers of their countrymen did not want any of them for President. - Ambrose Bierce

PRESIDENCY, n. The greased pig in the field game of American politics. - Ambrose Bierce

Philosophy: A route of many roads leading from nowhere to nothing. - Ambrose Bierce

In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office. - Ambrose Bierce

I think that a young state, like a young virgin, should modestly stay at home, and wait the application of suitors for an alliance with her; and not run about offering her amity to all the world; and hazarding their refusal. Our virgin is a jolly one; and tho at present not very rich, will in time be a great fortune, and where she has a favorable predisposition, it seems to me well worth cultivating. - Ambrose Bierce

Death is not the end. There remains the litigation over the estate. - Ambrose Bierce

Being is desirable because it is identical with Beauty, and Beauty is loved because it is Being. We ourselves possess Beauty when we are true to our own being; ugliness is in going over to another order; knowing ourselves, we are beautiful; in self-ignorance, we are ugly. - Ambrose Bierce

All are lunatics, but he who can analyze his delusions is called a philosopher. - Ambrose Bierce

Admiration. Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves. - Ambrose Bierce

A grave is a place where the dead are laid to await the coming of the medical student. - Ambrose Bierce

There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory. - Josh Billings

Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute. - Josh Billings

Love looks through a telescope; envy, through a microscope. - Josh Billings

Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well. - Josh Billings

As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. - Josh Billings

When you want to fool the world, tell the truth. - Otto von Bismarck

A man never lies as much as after a hunt, during a war, and before an election. - Otto von Bismarck

What is now proved was once only imagined. - William Blake

It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend. - William Blake

If the doors of perception were cleansed every thing would appear to man as it is, infinite. For man has closed himself up, till he sees all things thru' narrow chinks of his cavern. - William Blake

I was angry with my friend I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. - William Blake

There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness. - Marguerite Gardiner Blessington

To err is human. To blame it on somebody else is even more human. - Arthur Bloch

Marriage is not a ritual or an end. It is a long, intricate, intimate dance together and nothing matters more than your own sense of balance and your choice of partner. - Amy Bloom

Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle. - Amy Bloom

Nature thrives on patience; man on impatience. - Paul Boese

A hot dog at the ball park is better than steak at the Ritz. - Humphrey Bogart

Your theory is crazy, but it's not crazy enough to be true. - Niels Bohr

Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future. - Niels Bohr

Of course I don't believe in it. But I understand that it brings you luck whether you believe in it or not. - Niels Bohr

Never express yourself more clearly than you are able to think. - Niels Bohr

Anyone who says that they can contemplate quantum mechanics without becoming dizzy has not understood the concept in the least. - Niels Bohr

What we're really talking about is a wonderful day set aside on the fourth Thursday of November when no one diets. I mean, why else would they call it Thanksgiving? - Erna Bombeck

There's nothing sadder in this world than to awake Christmas morning and not be a child. - Erna Bombeck

There are people who put their dreams in a little box and say, Yes, I've got dreams, of course I've got dreams. Then they put the box away and bring it out once in awhile to look in it, and yep, they're still there. - Erna Bombeck

One thing they never tell you about child raising is that for the rest of your life, at the drop of a hat, you are expected to know your child's name and how old he or she is. - Erna Bombeck

My second favorite household chore is ironing. My first being hitting my head on the top bunk bed until I faint. - Erna Bombeck

It takes a lot of courage to show your dreams to someone else. - Erna Bombeck

It is fast approaching the point where I don't want to elect anyone stupid enough to want the job. - Erna Bombeck

If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead. - Erna Bombeck

Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other. - Erna Bombeck

A grandmother pretends she doesn't know who you are on Halloween. - Erna Bombeck

You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Victory belongs to the most persevering. - Napoleon Bonaparte

To write history one must be more than a man, since the author who holds the pen of this great justiciary must be free from all preoccupation of interest or vanity. - Napoleon Bonaparte

There is only one step from the sublime to the ridiculous. - Napoleon Bonaparte

There are only two forces in the world, the sword and the spirit. In the long run the sword will always be conquered by the spirit. - Napoleon Bonaparte

The whole art of war consists in a well-reasoned and extremely circumspect defensive, followed by rapid and audacious attack. - Napoleon Bonaparte

The best way to keep one's word is not to give it. - Napoleon Bonaparte

The act of policing is, in order to punish less often, to punish more severely. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Ten people who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Skepticism is a virtue in history as well as in philosophy. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Nothing is more difficult, and therefore more precious, than to be able to decide. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Never ascribe to malice, that which can be explained by incompetence. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Love is the idler's occupation, the warrior's relaxation, and the soverign's ruination. - Napoleon Bonaparte

It requires more courage to suffer than to die. - Napoleon Bonaparte

It is the cause, not the death, that makes the martyr. - Napoleon Bonaparte

In politics stupidity is not a handicap. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Impossible is a word to be found only in the dictionary of fools. - Napoleon Bonaparte

If they want peace, nations should avoid the pin-pricks that precede cannon shots. - Napoleon Bonaparte

History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree upon. - Napoleon Bonaparte

He who knows how to flatter also knows how to slander. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Four hostile newspapers are more to be feared than a thousand bayonets. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Courage is like love; it must have hope for nourishment. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, and myself founded empires; but what foundation did we rest the creations of our genius? Upon force. Jesus Christ founded an empire upon love; and at this hour millions of men would die for Him. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Ability is nothing without opportunity. - Napoleon Bonaparte

A man will fight harder for his interests than for his rights. - Napoleon Bonaparte

A leader is a dealer in hope. - Napoleon Bonaparte

Laughter is the shortest distance between two people. - Victor Borge

Work is something you can count on, a trusted, lifelong friend who never deserts you. - Margaret Bourke-White

The beauty of the past belongs to the past. - Margaret Bourke-White

I'd rather hear an old truth than a new lie. - Chris Bowyer

How else can you fight God but to pretend He doesn't exist? - Chris Bowyer

Half of maturity consists of knowing when and how to be immature. - Chris Bowyer

Exaggeration follows desperation. - Chris Bowyer

Have you ever heard people say 'don't sweat the details'? Well, they're wrong: sweat the details. They have a name for people who sweat the details: millionaires. - Jerry Bowyer

Bravery is the capacity to perform properly even when scared half to death. - Omar Bradley

Would people applaud me if I was a good plumber? - Marlon Brando

To grasp the full significance of life is the actor's duty, to interpret it is his problem and to express it his dedication. - Marlon Brando

The only reason I'm in Hollywood is that I don't have the moral courage to refuse the money. - Marlon Brando

The more sensitive you are, the more likely you are to be brutalized, develop scabs and never evolve. Never allow yourself to feel anything because you always feel too much. - Marlon Brando

Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent. - Marlon Brando

If you're successful, acting is about as soft a job as anybody could ever wish for. But if you're unsuccessful it's worse than having a skin disease. - Marlon Brando

If there's anything unsettling to the stomach, it's watching actors on television talk about their personal lives. - Marlon Brando

An actor's a guy, who if you ain't talking about him, ain't listening. - Marlon Brando

An actor is at most a poet and at least an entertainer. - Marlon Brando

Acting is the expression of a neurotic impulse — it's a bum's life. The principal benefit acting has afforded me is the money to pay for my psychoanalysis. - Marlon Brando

When a man is able to take abuse with a smile, he is worthy to become a leader. - Nachman of Bratslav

We each have the kind of children we deserve. - Nachman of Bratslav

Thinking is more precious than all five senses. - Nachman of Bratslav

The prosperity of a country can be seen simply in how it treats its old people. - Nachman of Bratslav

The man who disobeys his parents will have disobedient sons. - Nachman of Bratslav

The man who acts humble in order to win praise is guilty of the lowest form of pride. - Nachman of Bratslav

Lies are usually caused by an undue fear of men. - Nachman of Bratslav

Knowledge that is paid for will be longer remembered. - Nachman of Bratslav

Just as your hand, held before the eye, can hide the tallest mountain, so this small earthly life keeps us from seeing the vast radiance that fills the core of the universe. - Nachman of Bratslav

If we do not help a man in trouble, it is as if we caused the trouble. - Nachman of Bratslav

I conquered my hostility by putting it away until the day I might need it. - Nachman of Bratslav

Feel no sadness because of evil thoughts: it only strengthens them. - Nachman of Bratslav

Faith is not only in the heart; it should be put into words. - Nachman of Bratslav

Every author should weigh his work and ask, 'Will humanity gain any benefit from it?' - Nachman of Bratslav

Even the poor should give something to charity. - Nachman of Bratslav

Elderly men who are popular with young women usually lack wisdom. - Nachman of Bratslav

Don't ask God to change the laws of nature for you. - Nachman of Bratslav

Before reciting his prayers, a man should give to charity. - Nachman of Bratslav

Arbitration is justice blended with charity. - Nachman of Bratslav

An angry man is unfit to pray. - Nachman of Bratslav

A strict master will not have understanding sons. - Nachman of Bratslav

A poor but humble man who gives nothing to charity is preferrable to a rich but haughty man who does. - Nachman of Bratslav

A man's drive for profit should be prompted by the desire to give charity. - Nachman of Bratslav

A man should believe in God through faith, not because of miracles. - Nachman of Bratslav

Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others. - Jacob Braude

Tell me what you eat, and I will tell you what you are. - Anthelme Brillat-Savarin

Life -- the way it really is -- is a battle not between bad and good but between bad and worse. - Joseph Brodsky

Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die. - Mel Brooks

I've been accused of vulgarity. I say that's bullshit. - Mel Brooks

Hope for the Best. Expect the worst. Life is a play. We're unrehearsed. - Mel Brooks

Nobody talks so constantly about God as those who insist that there is no God. - Heywood Broun

God, as some cynic has said, is always on the side which has the best football coach. - Heywood Broun

Any new system is worth trying when your luck is bad. - Heywood Broun

The statistics on sanity are that one out of every four Americans are suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of your three best friends. If they're okay, then it's you. - Rita Mae Brown

As a woman, I find it very embarrassing to be in a meeting and realize I'm the only one in the room with balls. - Rita Mae Brown

Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance. - Sam Brown

Accept good advice gracefully--as long as it doesn't interfere with what you intended to do in the first place. - Gene Brown

I like television. I still believe that television is the most powerful form of communication on Earth -- I just hate what is being done with it. - Alton Brown

The baby rises to its feet, takes a step, is overcome with triumph and joy - and falls flat on its face. It is a pattern for all that is to come! But learn from the bewildered baby. Lurch to your feet again. You'll make the sofa in the end. - Pam Brown 

Expect people to be better than they are; it helps them to become better. But don't be disappointed when they are not; it helps them to keep trying. - Merry Browne

Take away love and our earth is a tomb. - Robert Browning

Love is energy of life. - Robert Browning

Boxing is just show business with blood. - Frank Bruno

The Rock of Ages is more important than the age of rocks. - William Jennings Bryan

The humblest citizen of all the land; when clad in the armour of a righteous cause; is stronger than all the hosts of Error. - William Jennings Bryan

Scientists make a guess and call it a hypothesis. 'Guess' is too short a word for a professor. - William Jennings Bryan

On Thanksgiving Day we acknowledge our dependence. - William Jennings Bryan

No one can earn a million dollars honestly. - William Jennings Bryan

I believe one of the reasons so many do not get a higher education is the fear of their parents that they will lose more morally than they will receive mentally. - William Jennings Bryan

Do not compute the totality of your poultry population until all the manifestations of incubation have been entirely completed. - William Jennings Bryan

Destiny is no matter of chance. It is a matter of choice. It is not a thing to be waited for, it is a thing to be achieved. - William Jennings Bryan

An orator is a man who says what he thinks and feels what he says. - William Jennings Bryan

A University of Chicago professor said the greatest day in the world was when a water puppy crawled out on land and decided to stay. The water puppy, he said, went on to become a man. If he proves that, I am willing to give up Christmas, Thanksgiving, and New Year's Day, and to celebrate Water Puppy Day. - William Jennings Bryan

We seem to be going through a period of nostalgia, and everyone seems to think yesterday was better than today. I don't think it was, and I would advise you not to wait ten years before admitting today was great. If you're hung up on nostalgia, pretend today is yesterday and just go out and have one hell of a time. - Art Buchwald

We are so concerned to flatter the majority that we lose sight of how very often it is necessary, in order to preserve freedom for the minority, let alone for the individual, to face that majority down. - William F. Buckley

The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry. - William F. Buckley

Idealism is fine, but as it approaches reality, the costs become prohibitive. - William F. Buckley

I would like to take you seriously, but to do so would affront your intelligence. - William F. Buckley

I would like to electrocute everyone who uses the word 'fair' in connection with income tax policies. - William F. Buckley

I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob. - William F. Buckley

What we are today comes from our thoughts of yesterday and our present thoughts build our life tomorrow. Our life is the creation of our mind. - Siddhartha Buddha

To be idle is a short road to death and to be diligent is a way of life; foolish people are idle, wise people are diligent. - Siddhartha Buddha

On life's journey faith is nourishment, virtuous deeds are a shelter, wisdom is the light by day and right mindfulness is the protection by night. If a man lives a pure life, nothing can destroy him. - Siddhartha Buddha

Neither fire nor wind, birth nor death can erase our good deeds. - Siddhartha Buddha

Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life. - Siddhartha Buddha

It is your mind that creates this world. - Siddhartha Buddha

It is better to conquer yourself than to win a thousand battles. Then the victory is yours. It cannot be taken from you, not by angels or by demons, heaven or hell. - Siddhartha Buddha

It is a man's own mind, not his enemy or foe, that lures him to evil ways. - Siddhartha Buddha

In a controversy the instant we feel anger we have already ceased striving for the truth, and have begun striving for ourselves. - Siddhartha Buddha

If we could see the miracle of a single flower clearly, our whole life would change. - Siddhartha Buddha

I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. - Siddhartha Buddha

I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act. - Siddhartha Buddha

However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them? - Siddhartha Buddha

Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; you are the one who gets burned. - Siddhartha Buddha

He who loves 50 people has 50 woes; he who loves no one has no woes. - Siddhartha Buddha

He is able who thinks he is able. - Siddhartha Buddha

Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. - Siddhartha Buddha

Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace. - Siddhartha Buddha

Anger will never disappear so long as thoughts of resentment are cherished in the mind. Anger will disappear just as soon as thoughts of resentment are forgotten. - Siddhartha Buddha

An idea that is developed and put into action is more important than an idea that exists only as an idea. - Siddhartha Buddha

Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals. - Siddhartha Buddha

It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently. - Warren Buffett

Talent does what it can; genius does what it must. - Edward Bulwer-Lytton

In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves. - Edward Bulwer-Lytton

If you wish to be loved, show more of your faults than your virtues. - Edward Bulwer-Lytton

You can never plan the future by the past. - Edmund Burke

When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle. - Edmund Burke

Toleration is good for all, or it is good for none. - Edmund Burke

They defend their errors as if they were defending their inheritance. - Edmund Burke

The people never give up their liberties but under some delusion. - Edmund Burke

Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all. - Edmund Burke

Religion is essentially the art and the theory of the remaking of man. Man is not a finished creation. - Edmund Burke

Reading without reflecting is like eating without digesting. - Edmund Burke

Nothing is so fatal to religion as indifference. - Edmund Burke

Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little. - Edmund Burke

No passion so effectually robs the mind of all its powers of acting and reasoning as fear. - Edmund Burke

Never despair, but if you do, work on in despair. - Edmund Burke

It is a general popular error to suppose the loudest complainers for the public to be the most anxious for its welfare. - Edmund Burke

If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed. - Edmund Burke

He that wrestles with us strengthens our nerves and sharpens our skill. Our antagonist is our helper. - Edmund Burke

Example is the school of mankind, and they will learn at no other. - Edmund Burke

Bad laws are the worst sort of tyranny. - Edmund Burke

An event has happened, upon which it is difficult to speak, and impossible to be silent. - Edmund Burke

Among a people generally corrupt liberty cannot long exist. - Edmund Burke

All that is required for evil to prevail is for good men to do nothing. - Edmund Burke

People who say they sleep like a baby usually don't have one. - Leo Burke

When you stop giving and offering something to the rest of the world, it's time to turn out the lights. - George Burns

Too bad the only people who know how to run the country are busy driving cabs and cutting hair. - George Burns

The secret of acting is sincerity. If you can fake that, you've got it made. - George Burns

Sex at age ninety is like trying to shoot pool with a rope. - George Burns

If you live to the age of a hundred you have it made because very few people die past the age of a hundred. - George Burns

I would rather be a failure doing something I love than be a sucess doing something I hate. - George Burns

I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate. - George Burns

Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city. - George Burns

Absence is to love as wind is to fire; It extinguishes the small and kindles the great. - Roger de Bussy-Rabutin

To put the world right in order, we must first put the nation in order; to put the nation in order, we must first put the family in order; to put the family in order, we must first cultivate our personal life; we must first set our hearts right. - Confucius 

To know what is right and not to do it is the worst cowardice. - Confucius 

Learning without thought is labor lost. - Confucius 

I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. - Confucius 

I do not want a friend who smiles when I smile, who weeps when I weep, for my shadow in the pool can do better than that. - Confucius 

He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger. - Confucius 

Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. - Confucius 

Death and life have their determined appointments; riches and honors depend upon heaven. - Confucius 

Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. - Confucius 

By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest. - Confucius 

Better a diamond with a flaw than a pebble without. - Confucius 

An oppressive government is more to be feared than a tiger. - Confucius 

Ability will never catch up with the demand for it. - Confucius 

A superior man is modest in his speech, but exceeds in his actions. - Confucius 

A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. - Confucius 

It is easier to find men who will volunteer to die, than to find those who are willing to endure pain with patience. - Julius Caesar

I came, I saw, I conquered. - Julius Caesar

As a rule, men worry more about what they can't see than about what they can. - Julius Caesar

There has been only one Christmas - the rest are anniversaries. - W.J. Cameron

The movies that are the easiest to make are the hardest to watch. - Bruce Campbell

You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life. - Albert Camus

You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. - Albert Camus

There is but one truly serious philosophical problem, and that is suicide. Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy. - Albert Camus

Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal. - Albert Camus

It is normal to give away a little of one's life in order not to lose it all. - Albert Camus

In the depths of winter, I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer. - Albert Camus

If there is a soul, it is a mistake to believe that it is given tous fully created. It is created here, throughout a whole life. And living is nothing else but that long and painful bringing forth. - Albert Camus

I shall tell you a great secret my friend. Do not wait for the last judgement, it takes place every day. - Albert Camus

Freedom is nothing else but a chance to be better. - Albert Camus

Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. Just walk beside me and be my friend. - Albert Camus

You can get much further with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone. - Al Capone

Vote early and vote often. - Al Capone

Well, if crime fighters fight crime and fire fighters fight fire, what do freedom fighters fight? They never mention that part to us, do they? - George Carlin

Weather forecast for tonight: dark. - George Carlin

There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past. - George Carlin

The IQ and the life expectancy of the average American recently passed each other going in the oposite direction. - George Carlin

Some national parks have long waiting lists for camping reservations. When you have to wait a year to sleep next to a tree, something is wrong. - George Carlin

I'm not concerned about all hell breaking loose, but that a PART of hell will break loose... it'll be much harder to detect. - George Carlin

I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State. My idea is that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death. - George Carlin

I think it's the duty of the comedian to find out where the line is drawn and cross it deliberately. - George Carlin

Honesty may be the best policy, but it's important to remember that apparently, by elimination, dishonesty is the second-best policy. - George Carlin

Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac? - George Carlin

Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck. - George Carlin

As a matter of principle, I never attend the first annual anything. - George Carlin

No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. - Andrew Carnegie

If you want to conquer fear, don't sit at home and think about it. Go out and get busy. - Andrew Carnegie

As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do. - Andrew Carnegie

Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. - Dale Carnegie

You have it easily in your power to increase the sum total of this world's happiness now. How? By giving a few words of sincere appreciation to someone who is lonely or discouraged. Perhaps you will forget tomorrow the kind words you say today, but the recipient may cherish them over a lifetime. - Dale Carnegie

You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you. - Dale Carnegie

When we hate our enemies, we are giving them power over us: power over our sleep, our appetites, our blood pressure, our health and our happiness. Our enemies would dance with joy if only they knew how they were worrying us, lacerating us, and getting even with us! Our hate is not hurting them at al, but our hate is turning our days and nights into a hellish turmoil. - Dale Carnegie

The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it. - Dale Carnegie

The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure. - Dale Carnegie

Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. - Dale Carnegie

Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed. - Dale Carnegie

Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all. - Dale Carnegie

It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about. - Dale Carnegie

If you can't sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. It's the worry that gets you, not the lack of sleep. - Dale Carnegie

Fear not those who argue but those who dodge. - Dale Carnegie

Do the thing you fear to do and keep on doing it... that is the quickest and surest way ever yet discovered to conquer fear. - Dale Carnegie

Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves. - Dale Carnegie

Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours. - Dale Carnegie

The only thing money gives you is the freedom of not worrying about money. - Johnny Carson

The difference between divorce and legal separation is that a legal separation gives a husband time to hide his money. - Johnny Carson

Talent alone won't make you a success. Neither will being in the right place at the right time, unless you are ready. The most important question is: 'Are you ready?' - Johnny Carson

People will pay more to be entertained than educated. - Johnny Carson

Never continue in a job you don't enjoy. If you're happy in what you're doing, you'll like yourself, you'll have inner peace. And if you have that, along with physical health, you will have had more success than you could possibly have imagined. - Johnny Carson

My success just evolved from working hard at the business at hand each day. - Johnny Carson

Married men live longer than single men. But married men are a lot more willing to die. - Johnny Carson

If variety is the spice of life, marriage is the big can of leftover Spam. - Johnny Carson

If life was fair, Elvis would be alive and all the impersonators would be dead. - Johnny Carson

If it weren't for Philo T. Farnsworth, inventor of television, we'd still be eating frozen radio dinners. - Johnny Carson

I know you've been married to the same woman for 69 years. That is marvelous. It must be very inexpensive. - Johnny Carson

For three days after death, hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off. - Johnny Carson

Democracy means that anyone can grow up to be president, and anyone who doesn't grow up can be vice president. - Johnny Carson

We cannot be both the world’s leading champion of peace and the world’s leading supplier of arms. - Jimmy Carter

Short-circuiting the long-established principles of patient negotiation leads to war, not peace. - Jimmy Carter

America did not invent human rights. In a very real sense...human rights invented America. - Jimmy Carter

A revolution is a struggle to the death between the future and the past. - Fidel Castro

In the end, everything is a gag. - Charlie Chaplin

A day without laughter is a day wasted. - Charlie Chaplin

'My country, right or wrong' is a thing no patriot would ever think of saying except in a desperate case. It is like saying 'My mother, drunk or sober.' - GK Chesterton

You can only find truth with logic if you have already found truth without it. - GK Chesterton

Women have a thirst for order and beauty as for something physical; there is a strange female power of hating ugliness and waste as good men can only hate sin and bad men virtue. - GK Chesterton

Women are the only realists; their whole object in life is to pit their realism against the extravagant, excessive, and occasionally drunken idealism of men. - GK Chesterton

Why be something to everybody when you can be everything to somebody? - GK Chesterton

When you break the big laws, you do not get freedom; you do not even get anarchy. You get the small laws. - GK Chesterton

When people stop believing in God, they don't believe in nothing -- they believe in anything. - GK Chesterton

When a politician is in opposition he is an expert on the means to some end; and when he is in office he is an expert on the obstacles to it. - GK Chesterton

Truth is sacred; and if you tell the truth too often nobody will believe it. - GK Chesterton

Tradition means giving votes to the most obscure of all classes, our ancestors. It is the democracy of the dead. Tradition refuses to submit to that arrogant oligarchy who merely happen to be walking around. - GK Chesterton

Too much capitalism does not mean too many capitalists, but too few capitalists. - GK Chesterton

To have a right to do a thing is not at all the same as to be right in doing it. - GK Chesterton

These are the days when the Christian is expected to praise every creed except his own. - GK Chesterton

There is nothing the matter with Americans except their ideals. The real American is all right; it is the ideal American who is all wrong. - GK Chesterton

There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and the tired man who wants a book to read. - GK Chesterton

There are those who hate Christianity and call their hatred an all-embracing love for all religions. - GK Chesterton

Theology is only thought applied to religion. - GK Chesterton

The truth is, of course, that the curtness of the Ten Commandments is an evidence, not of the gloom and narrowness of a religion, but, on the contrary, of its liberality and humanity. It is shorter to state the things forbidden than the things permitted: precisely because most things are permitted, and only a few things are forbidden. - GK Chesterton

The true soldier fights not because he hates what is in front of him, but because he loves what is behind him. - GK Chesterton

The simplification of anything is always sensational. - GK Chesterton

The riddles of God are more satisfying than the solutions of man. - GK Chesterton

The reformer is always right about what is wrong. He is generally wrong about what is right. - GK Chesterton

The real argument against aristocracy is that it always means the rule of the ignorant. For the most dangerous of all forms of ignorance is ignorance of work. - GK Chesterton

The poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese. - GK Chesterton

The only right way of telling a story is to begin at the beginning--at the beginning of the world. Therefore all books have to be begun in the wrong way for the sake of brevity. - GK Chesterton

The only defensible war is a war of defense. - GK Chesterton

The free man owns himself. He can damage himself with either eating or drinking; he can ruin himself with gambling. If he does he is certainly a damn fool, and he might possibly be a damned soul; but if he may not, he is not a free man any more than a dog. - GK Chesterton

The first two facts which a healthy boy or girl feels about sex are these: first that it is beautiful and then that it is dangerous. - GK Chesterton

The Christian ideal has not been tried and found wanting; it has been found difficult and left untried. - GK Chesterton

The Bible tells us to love our neighbors, and also to love our enemies; probably because they are generally the same people. - GK Chesterton

The aim of good prose words is to mean what they say. The aim of good poetical words is to mean what they do not say. - GK Chesterton

The act of defending any of the cardinal virtues has today all the exhilaration of a vice. - GK Chesterton

The Declaration of Independence dogmatically bases all rights on the fact that God created all men equal; and it is right; for if they were not created equal, they were certainly evolved unequal. There is no basis for democracy except in a dogma about the divine origin of man. - GK Chesterton

Once abolish the God, and the government becomes the God. - GK Chesterton

Most modern freedom is at root fear. It is not so much that we are too bold to endure rules; it is rather that we are too timid to endure responsibilities. - GK Chesterton

Men do not differ much about what things they will call evils; they differ enormously about what evils they will call excusable. - GK Chesterton

Marriage is a duel to the death which no man of honour should decline. - GK Chesterton

Love means loving the unlovable - or it is no virtue at all. - GK Chesterton

Journalism largely consists of saying 'Lord Jones is Dead' to people who never knew that Lord Jones was alive. - GK Chesterton

It's not that we don't have enough scoundrels to curse; it's that we don't have enough good men to curse them. - GK Chesterton

It is not bigotry to be certain we are right; but it is bigotry to be unable to imagine how we might possibly have gone wrong. - GK Chesterton

It is largely because the free-thinkers, as a school, have hardly made up their minds whether they want to be more optimist or more pessimist than Christianity that their small but sincere movement has failed. For the duel is deadly; and any agnostic who wishes to be anything more than a Nihilist must sympathize with one version of nature or the other. - GK Chesterton

It has been often said, very truly, that religion is the thing that makes the ordinary man feel extraordinary; it is an equally important truth that religion is the thing that makes the extraordinary man feel ordinary. - GK Chesterton

Is one religion as good as another? Is one horse in the Derby as good as another? - GK Chesterton

In science, 'fact' can only mean 'confirmed to such a degree that it would be perverse to withhold provisional assent.' I suppose that apples might start to rise tomorrow, but the possibility does not merit equal time in physics classrooms. - GK Chesterton

Impartiality is a pompous name for indifference, which is an elegant name for ignorance. - GK Chesterton

If there were no God, there would be no Atheists. - GK Chesterton

If my children wake up on Christmas morning and have someone to thank for putting candy in their stocking, have I no one to thank for putting two feet in mine? - GK Chesterton

I say that a man must be certain of his morality for the simple reason that he has to suffer for it. - GK Chesterton

Great truths can only be forgotten and can never be falsified. - GK Chesterton

Fallacies do not cease to be fallacies because they become fashions. - GK Chesterton

Children are innocent and love justice, while most adults are wicked and prefer mercy. - GK Chesterton

By a curious confusion, many modern critics have passed from the proposition that a masterpiece may be unpopular to the other proposition that unless it is unpopular it cannot be a masterpiece. - GK Chesterton

At least five times...with the Arian and the Albigensian, with the Humanist sceptic, after Voltaire and after Darwin, the Faith has to all appearance gone to the dogs. In each of these five cases it was the dog that died. - GK Chesterton

Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere. - GK Chesterton

Art consists of limitation. The most beautiful part of every picture is the frame. - GK Chesterton

Anyone who is not an anarchist agrees with having a policeman at the corner of the street; but the danger at present is that of finding the policeman half-way down the chimney or even under the bed. - GK Chesterton

Angels can fly because they take themselves lightly. - GK Chesterton

An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered; an adventure is an inconvenience rightly considered. - GK Chesterton

America is the only country ever founded on a creed. - GK Chesterton

All science, even the divine science, is a sublime detective story. Only it is not set to detect why a man is dead; but the darker secret of why he is alive. - GK Chesterton

All but the hard hearted man must be torn with pity for this pathetic dilemma of the rich man, who has to keep the poor man just stout enough to do the work and just thin enough to have to do it. - GK Chesterton

A yawn is a silent shout. - GK Chesterton

A room without books is like a body without a soul. - GK Chesterton

A good novel tells us the truth about its hero; but a bad novel tells us the truth about its author. - GK Chesterton

Why, you can take the most gallant sailor, the most intrepid airman or the most audacious soldier, put them at a table together - what do you get? The sum of their fears. - Winston Churchill

When you have to kill a man, it costs nothing to be polite. - Winston Churchill

When I am abroad, I always make it a rule never to criticize or attack the government of my own country. I make up for lost time when I come home. - Winston Churchill

We shall not fail or falter; we shall not weeaken or tire. Give us the tools and we will finish the job. - Winston Churchill

We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. - Winston Churchill

We contend that for a nation to try to tax itself into prosperity is like a man standing in a bucket and trying to lift himself up by the handle. - Winston Churchill

We are all worms, but I do believe I am a glow-worm. - Winston Churchill

War is a game that is played with a smile. If you can't smile, grin. If you can't grin, keep out of the way 'til you can. - Winston Churchill

Truth is incontrovertible, ignorance can deride it, panic may resent it, malice may destroy it, but there it is. - Winston Churchill

Those who can win a war well can rarely make a good peace and those who could make a good peace would never have won the war. - Winston Churchill

This report, by its very length, defends itself against the risk of being read. - Winston Churchill

There is something going on in time and space, and beyond time and space, which, whether we like it or not, spells duty. - Winston Churchill

There is nothing more exhilarating than to be shot at without result. - Winston Churchill

There is no finer investment for any community than putting milk into babies. - Winston Churchill

There are a lot of lies going around...and half of them are true. - Winston Churchill

The price of greatness is responsibility. - Winston Churchill

The greatest lesson in life is to know that even fools are right sometimes. - Winston Churchill

The great principle which this house ought to guard and cherish is that, when the tax collector comes to the private citizen and takes from him of his wealth for the services of the public, the whole of that money taken shall go for the purposes for which it is intended, and that no private interests, however powerfully they may be organized and however eloquently advocated, shall thrust their dirty fingers into the pie and take the profits for themselves. - Winston Churchill

The destiny of man is not measured by material computation. When great forces are on the move in the world, we learn we are spirits--not animals. - Winston Churchill

The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter. - Winston Churchill

Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill

Success is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill

Some regard private enterprise as if it were a predatory tiger to be shot. Others look upon it as a cow that they can milk. Only a handful see it for what it really is--the strong horse that pulls the whole cart. - Winston Churchill

Saving is a fine thing. Especially when your parents have done it for you. - Winston Churchill

Politics are almost as exciting as war and quite as dangerous. In war you can only be killed once, but in politics, many times. - Winston Churchill

Never interrupt me when I'm trying to interrupt you. - Winston Churchill

Never give in--never, never, never, never, in nothing great or small, large or petty, never give in except to convictions of honour and good sense. Never yield to force; never yield to the apparently overwhelming might of the enemy. - Winston Churchill 

My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. - Winston Churchill

Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing happened. - Winston Churchill

It is hard, if not impossible, to snub a beautiful woman - they remain beautiful and the rebuke recoils. - Winston Churchill

It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations. - Winston Churchill

It has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried. - Winston Churchill

In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies. - Winston Churchill

If you will not fight for the right when you can easily win without bloodshed; if you will not fight when your victory will be sure and not too costly; you may come to the moment when you will have to fight with all the odds against you and only a small chance of survival. There may even be a worse case: you may have to fight when there is no hope of victory, because it is better to perish than to live as slaves. - Winston Churchill

If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce. - Winston Churchill

If you are going through hell, keep going. - Winston Churchill

I think 'no comment' is a splendid expression. I am using it again and again. - Winston Churchill

I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. - Winston Churchill

I have taken more out of alcohol than alcohol has taken out of me. - Winston Churchill

I have nothing to offer but blood, toil, tears and sweat. - Winston Churchill

I am easily satisfied with the very best. - Winston Churchill

However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results. - Winston Churchill

History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it. - Winston Churchill

He is a very modest man with a great deal to be modest about. - Winston Churchill

He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire. - Winston Churchill

Golf is a game whose aim is to hit a very small ball into a even smaller hole, with weapons singularly ill-designed for the purpose. - Winston Churchill

Dogs look up to you. Cats look down on you. Pigs treat you like equals. - Winston Churchill

Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. - Winston Churchill

Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others. - Winston Churchill

Arise and take our stand for freedom as in the olden time. - Winston Churchill

Any man who is under 30, and is not a liberal, has no heart; and any man who is over 30, and is not a conservative, has no brains. - Winston Churchill

Americans can always be counted on to do the right thing...after they have exhausted all other possibilities. - Winston Churchill

A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty. - Winston Churchill

A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. - Winston Churchill

I am my own experiment. I am my own work of art. - Madonna Ciccone

Children always understand. They have open minds. They have built-in shit detectors. - Madonna Ciccone

Better to live one year as a tiger, then a hundred as sheep. - Madonna Ciccone

A lot of people are afraid to say what they want. That's why they don't get what they want. - Madonna Ciccone

Wise men are instructed by reason; men of less understanding, by experience; the most ignorant, by necessity; the beasts, by nature. - Marcus Tullius Cicero

Times are bad. Children no longer obey their parents, and everyone is writing a book. - Marcus Tullius Cicero

There is nothing so absurd but some philosopher has said it. - Marcus Tullius Cicero

No sane man will dance. - Marcus Tullius Cicero

In the very books in which philosophers bid us scorn fame, they inscribe their names. - Marcus Tullius Cicero

An unjust peace is better than a just war. - Marcus Tullius Cicero

All splendid things are rare. - Marcus Tullius Cicero

What do I know about sex? I'm a married man. - Tom Clancy

The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense. - Tom Clancy

When I took office, only high energy physicists had ever heard of what is called the Worldwide Web....now even my cat has its own page. - Bill Clinton

We need not just a new generation of leadership but a new gender of leadership. - Bill Clinton

We are living in a world, where what we earn is a function of what we learn. - Bill Clinton

The White House: I don't know whether it's the finest public housing in America or the crown jewel of the prison system. - Bill Clinton

Never pick a fight with people who buy ink by the barrel. - Bill Clinton

Just as war is freedom's cost, disagreement is freedom's privilege. - Bill Clinton

It takes a long time to turn a big country around. - Bill Clinton

A lot of places can be the wrong place at the wrong time. - Bill Clinton

The flowers anew, returning seasons bring! But beauty faded has no second spring. - Frank Moore Colby

That is the consolation of a little mind; you have the fun of changing it without impeding the progress of mankind. - Frank Moore Colby

Many people lose their tempers merely from seeing you keep yours. - Frank Moore Colby

I know of no more disagreeable situation than to be left feeling generally angry without anybody in particular to be angry at. - Frank Moore Colby

I have found some of the best reasons I ever had for remaining at the bottom simply by looking at the men at the top. - Frank Moore Colby

Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible. - Frank Moore Colby

Clever people seem not to feel the natural pleasure of bewilderment, and are always answering questions when the chief relish of a life is to go on asking them. - Frank Moore Colby

Cast your cares on God; that anchor holds. - Frank Moore Colby

When you have nothing to say, say nothing. - Charles Caleb Colton

We hate some persons because we do not know them; and we will not know them because we hate them. - Charles Caleb Colton

To know the pains of power, we must go to those who have it; to know its pleasures, we must go to those who are seeking it. - Charles Caleb Colton

To dare to live alone is the rarest courage; since there are many who had rather meet their bitterest enemy in the field, than their own hearts in their closet. - Charles Caleb Colton

There is a paradox in pride: it makes some men ridiculous, but prevents others from becoming so. - Charles Caleb Colton

The greatest friend of Truth is time, her greatest enemy is Prejudice, and her constant companion Humility. - Charles Caleb Colton

None are so fond of secrets as those who do not mean to keep them. - Charles Caleb Colton

Men are born with two eyes, but only one tongue, in order that they should see twice as much as they say. - Charles Caleb Colton

Many books require no thought from those who read them, and for a very simple reason; they made no such demand upon those who wrote them. - Charles Caleb Colton

Ladies of Fashion starve their happiness to feed their vanity, and their love to feed their pride. - Charles Caleb Colton

Imitation is the sincerest of flattery. - Charles Caleb Colton

If you would be known, and not know, vegetate in a village; If you would know, and not be known, live in a city. - Charles Caleb Colton

If you cannot inspire a woman with love of you, fill her above the brim with love of herself; all that runs over will be yours. - Charles Caleb Colton

Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never. - Charles Caleb Colton

Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for the greatest fool may ask more than the wisest man can answer. - Charles Caleb Colton

Deliberate with caution, but act with decision; and yield with graciousness, or oppose with firmness. - Charles Caleb Colton

We do not need more intellectual power, we need more spiritual power. We do not need more of the things that are seen, we need more of the things that are unseen. - Calvin Coolidge

We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once. - Calvin Coolidge

Those who trust to chance must abide by the results of chance. - Calvin Coolidge

There is no force so democratic as the force of an ideal. - Calvin Coolidge

The right thing to do never requires any subterfuge, it is always simple and direct. - Calvin Coolidge

The nation which forgets its defenders will be itself forgotten. - Calvin Coolidge

The business of America is business. - Calvin Coolidge

Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. The slogan 'press on' has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race. - Calvin Coolidge

Perhaps one of the most important accomplishments of my administration has been minding my own business. - Calvin Coolidge

Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. - Calvin Coolidge

No man ever listened himself out of a job. - Calvin Coolidge

No enterprise can exist for itself alone. It ministers to some great need, it performs some great service, not for itself, but for others; or failing therein, it ceases to be profitable and ceases to exist. - Calvin Coolidge

Men speak of natural rights, but I challenge any one to show where in nature any rights existed or were recognized until there was established for their declaration and protection a duly promulgated body of corresponding laws. - Calvin Coolidge

Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. - Calvin Coolidge

It takes a great man to be a good listener. - Calvin Coolidge

It is only when men begin to worship that they begin to grow. - Calvin Coolidge

If you see ten troubles coming down the road, you can be sure that nine will run into the ditch before they reach you. - Calvin Coolidge

If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it. - Calvin Coolidge

If I had permitted my failures, or what seemed to me at the time a lack of success, to discourage me I cannot see any way in which I would ever have made progress. - Calvin Coolidge

I have never been hurt by what I have not said. - Calvin Coolidge

I have found it advisable not to give too much heed to what people say when I am trying to accomplish something of consequence. Invariably they proclaim it can't be done. - Calvin Coolidge

Heroism is not only in the man, but in the occasion. - Calvin Coolidge

Four-fifths of all our troubles would disappear, if we would only sit down and keep still. - Calvin Coolidge

Collecting more taxes than is absolutely necessary is legalized robbery. - Calvin Coolidge

Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and goodwill, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas. - Calvin Coolidge

All growth depends upon activity. There is no development physically or intellectually without effort, and effort means work. - Calvin Coolidge

Advertising is the life of trade. - Calvin Coolidge

You can turn painful situations around through laughter. If you can find humor in anything, even poverty, you can survive it. - Bill Cosby

When you become senile, you won't know it. - Bill Cosby

There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God. - Bill Cosby

The past is a ghost, the future a dream, and all we ever have is now. - Bill Cosby

The heart of marriage is memories; and if the two of you happen to have the same ones and can savor your reruns, then your marriage is a gift from the gods. - Bill Cosby

The essence of childhood, of course, is play, which my friends and I did endlessly on streets that we reluctantly shared with traffic. - Bill Cosby

Parents are not interested in justice, they're interested in peace and quiet. - Bill Cosby

Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes. - Bill Cosby

Like everyone else who makes the mistake of getting older, I begin each day with coffee and obituaries. - Bill Cosby

Let us now set forth one of the fundamental truths about marriage: the wife is in charge. - Bill Cosby

In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure. - Bill Cosby

If the new American father feels bewildered and even defeated, let him take comfort from the fact that whatever he does in any fathering situation has a fifty percent chance of being right. - Bill Cosby

I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone. - Bill Cosby

I am certainly not an authority on love because there are no authorities on love, just those who've had luck with it and those who haven't. - Bill Cosby

Human beings are the only creatures that allow their children to come back home. - Bill Cosby

For two people in a marriage to live together day after day is unquestionably the one miracle the Vatican has overlooked. - Bill Cosby

Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap on-a-rope. - Bill Cosby

Children today know more about sex than I or my father did. - Bill Cosby

Anyone can dabble, but once you've made that commitment, your blood has that particular thing in it, and it's very hard for people to stop you. - Bill Cosby

Always end the name of your child with a vowel, so that when you yell the name will carry. - Bill Cosby

Advertising is the most fun you can have with your clothes on. - Bill Cosby

A word to the wise ain't necessary -- it's the stupid ones that need the advice. - Bill Cosby

Women need a reason to have sex -- men just need a place. - Billy Crystal

You do ill if you praise, but worse if you censure, what you do not understand. - Leonardo da Vinci

Where the spirit does not work with the hand, there is no art. - Leonardo da Vinci

The faculty of imagination is both the rudder and the bridle of the senses. - Leonardo da Vinci

Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. - Leonardo da Vinci

Once you have flown, you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been, and there you long to return. - Leonardo da Vinci

Iron rusts from disuse; stagnant water loses its purity and in cold weather becomes frozen; even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind. - Leonardo da Vinci

I have from an early age abjured the use of meat, and the time will come when men will look upon the murder of animals as they now look upon the murder of men. - Leonardo da Vinci

As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. - Leonardo da Vinci

As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so life well used brings happy death. - Leonardo da Vinci

Anyone who invokes authors in discussion is not using his intelligence but his memory. - Leonardo da Vinci

All our knowledge has its origin in our perceptions. - Leonardo da Vinci

A well-spent day brings happy sleep. - Leonardo da Vinci

I'm at an age where I think more about food than sex. Last week I put a mirror over my dining room table. - Rodney Dangerfield

I told my psychiatrist that everyone hates me. He said I was being ridiculous - everyone hasn't met me yet. - Rodney Dangerfield

I just finished my first book. Pretty soon, I'm gonna read another. - Rodney Dangerfield

I feel sorry for short people, you know. When it rains, they're the last to know. - Rodney Dangerfield

We need not think alike to love alike. - Francis David

A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. - Robertson Davies

Life is like a Ferrari, it goes too fast. But that's ok, because you can't afford it anyway. - Jim Davis

How can you be expected to govern a country that has 246 kinds of cheese? - Charles de Gaulle

When the past no longer illuminates the future, the spirit walks in darkness. - Alexis de Tocqueville

What is the most important for democracy is not that great fortunes should not exist, but that great fortunes should not remain in the same hands. In that way there are rich men, but they do not form a class. - Alexis de Tocqueville

We succeed in enterprises which demand the positive qualities we possess, but we excel in those which can also make use of our defects. - Alexis de Tocqueville

Though it is very important for man as an individual that his religion should be true, that is not the case for society. Society has nothing to fear or hope from another life; what is most important for it is not that all citizens profess the true religion but that they should profess religion. - Alexis de Tocqueville

Those that despise people will never get the best out of others and themselves. - Alexis de Tocqueville

There are two things which a democratic people will always find very difficult - to begin a war and to end it. - Alexis de Tocqueville

The surface of American society is covered with a layer of democratic paint, but from time to time one can see the old aristocratic colours breaking through. - Alexis de Tocqueville

The most dangerous moment for a bad government is when it begins to reform. - Alexis de Tocqueville

The main business of religions is to purify, control, and restrain that excessive and exclusive taste for well-being which men acquire in times of equality. - Alexis de Tocqueville

The last thing a political party gives up is its vocabulary. - Alexis de Tocqueville

The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens. - Alexis de Tocqueville

The genius of democracies is seen not only in the great number of new words introduced but even more in the new ideas they express. - Alexis de Tocqueville

Nothing is quite so wretchedly corrupt as an aristocracy which has lost its power but kept its wealth and which still has endless leisure to devote to nothing but banal enjoyments. All its great thoughts and passionate energy are things of the past, and nothing but a host of petty, gnawing vices now cling to it like worms to a corpse. - Alexis de Tocqueville

Life is to entered upon with courage. - Alexis de Tocqueville

Liberty cannot be established without morality, nor morality without faith. - Alexis de Tocqueville

It is the dissimilarities and inequalities among men which give rise to the notion of honor; as such differences become less, it grows feeble; and when they disappear, it will vanish too. - Alexis de Tocqueville

In politics shared hatreds are almost always the basis of friendships. - Alexis de Tocqueville

I should have loved freedom, I believe, at all times, but in the time in which we live I am ready to worship it. - Alexis de Tocqueville

However energetically society in general may strive to make all the citizens equal and alike, the personal pride of each individual will always make him try to escape from the common level, and he will form some inequality somewhere to his own profit. - Alexis de Tocqueville

History is a gallery of pictures in which there are few originals and many copies. - Alexis de Tocqueville

He was as great as a man can be without morality. - Alexis de Tocqueville

Democracy and socialism have nothing in common but one word, equality. But notice the difference: while democracy seeks equality in liberty, socialism seeks equality in restraint and servitude. - Alexis de Tocqueville

Consider any individual at any period of his life, and you will always find him preoccupied with fresh plans to increase his comfort. - Alexis de Tocqueville

It ain't braggin' if you can back it up. - Dizzy Dean

Dream as if you'll live forever. Live as if you'll die today. - James Dean

My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-five now, and we don't know where the hell she is. - Ellen DeGeneres

The only secure knowledge is that I exist. - Rene Descartes

I think; therefore I am. - Rene Descartes

I am a thing that thinks, that is to say, a thing that doubts, affrims, denies, understands a few things, is ignorant of many things, wills, refrains from willing, and also imagines and senses. - Rene Descartes

Reason is experimental intelligence, conceived after the pattern of science, and used in the creation of social arts; it has something to do. It liberates man from the bondage of the past, due to ignorance and accident hardened into custom. It projects a better future and assists man in its realization. - John Dewey

Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination. - John Dewey

Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. - Phillip K. Dick

Don't try to solve serious matters in the middle of the night. - Phillip K. Dick

A loving heart is the truest wisdom. - Charles Dickens

Whenever a thing is done for the first time, it releases a little demon. - Emily Dickinson

We turn not older with years, but newer every day. - Emily Dickinson

Truth is so rare that it is delightful to tell it. - Emily Dickinson

To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else. - Emily Dickinson

They say that God is everywhere, and yet we always think of Him as somewhat of a recluse. - Emily Dickinson

Success is counted sweetest by those who ne'er succeed. - Emily Dickinson

Remember if you marry for beauty, thou bindest thyself all thy life for that which perchance, will neither last nor please thee one year: and when thou hast it, it will be to thee of no price at all. - Emily Dickinson

Parting is all we know of heaven and all we need to know of hell. - Emily Dickinson

Old age comes on suddenly, and not gradually as is thought. - Emily Dickinson

My friends are my estate. - Emily Dickinson

Luck is not chance, it is toil. Fortune is expensive smile is earned. - Emily Dickinson

If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can ever warm me, I know that is poetry. - Emily Dickinson

If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry. - Emily Dickinson

How strange that nature does not knock, and yet does not intrude! - Emily Dickinson

Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul - and sings the tunes without the words - and never stops at all. - Emily Dickinson

Forever is composed of nows. - Emily Dickinson

Fame is a fickle food upon a shifting plate. - Emily Dickinson

Beauty is not caused. It is. - Emily Dickinson

Anger as soon as fed is dead. 'Tis starving makes it fat. - Emily Dickinson

A word is dead when it is said, some say. I say it just begins to live that day. - Emily Dickinson

No; we have been as usual asking the wrong question. It does not matter a hoot what the mockingbird on the chimney is singing. The real and proper question is: Why is it beautiful? - Annie Dillard

How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives. - Annie Dillard

Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing. - Phyllis Diller

In science one tries to tell people, in such a way as to be understood by everyone, something that no one ever knew before. But in poetry, it's the exact opposite. - Paul Dirac

All our dreams can come true --if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney

The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. - Benjamin Disraeli

The magic of first love is our ignorance that it can never end. - Benjamin Disraeli

My idea of an agreeable person is a person who agrees with me. - Benjamin Disraeli

I have always thought that every woman should marry, and no man. - Benjamin Disraeli

Fear makes us feel our humanity. - Benjamin Disraeli

Every great decision creates ripples - like a huge boulder dropped in a lake. The ripples merge, rebound off the banks in unforseeable ways. The heavier the decision, the larger the waves, the more uncertain the consequences. - Benjamin Disraeli

Duty cannot exist without faith. - Benjamin Disraeli

Despair is the conclusion of fools. - Benjamin Disraeli

Courage is fire, and bullying is smoke. - Benjamin Disraeli

Change is inevitable. Change is constant. - Benjamin Disraeli

But what minutes! Count them by sensation, and not by calendars, and each moment is a day. - Benjamin Disraeli

The wise make proverbs, and fools repeat them. - Isaac Disraeli

The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotations. - Isaac Disraeli

Quotations, like much better things, has its abuses. - Isaac Disraeli

It is a wretched taste to be gratified with mediocrity when the excellent lies before us. - Isaac Disraeli

Fortune has rarely condescended to be the companion of genius. - Isaac Disraeli

Reason is our soul's left hand, Faith her right. - John Donne

No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent. - John Donne

More than kisses, letters mingle souls. - John Donne

Love is agrowing, to full constant light; and his first minute, after noon, is night. - John Donne

Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies. - John Donne

There is nothing easier than lopping off heads and nothing harder than developing ideas. - Fyodor Dostoevsky

The second half of a man's life is made up of nothing but the habits he has acquired during the first half. - Fyodor Dostoevsky

The degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons. - Fyodor Dostoevsky

Neither man or nation can exist without a sublime idea. - Fyodor Dostoevsky

If you want to be respected by others the great thing is to respect yourself. Only by that, only by self-respect will you compel others to respect you. - Fyodor Dostoevsky

What this country needs is more free speech worth listening to. - Hansell B. Duckett

Pure love and suspicion cannot dwell together: at the door where the latter enters, the former makes its exit. - Alexandre Dumas

Men's minds are raised to the level of the women with whom they associate. - Alexandre Dumas

I prefer rogues to imbeciles, because they sometimes take a rest. - Alexandre Dumas

How is it that little children are so intelligent and men so stupid? It must be education that does it. - Alexandre Dumas

All generalizations are dangerous, even this one. - Alexandre Dumas

A person who doubts himself is like a man who would enlist in the ranks of his enemies and bear arms against himself. He makes his failure certain by himself being the first person to be convinced of it. - Alexandre Dumas

Men marry to make an end; women to make a beginning. - Alexis Dupuy

Out of every hundred new ideas ninety-nine or more will probably be inferior to the traditional responses which they propose to replace. No one man, however brilliant or well-informed, can come in one lifetime to such fullness of understanding as to safely judge and dismiss the customs or institutions of his society, for those are the wisdom of generations after centuries of experiment in the laboratory of history. - Will Durant

Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance. - Will Durant

We become what we think about all day long. The question is, 'What do you think about?' - Wayne Dyer

The measure of your life will not be in what you accumulate, but in what you give away. - Wayne Dyer

The highest form of ignorance is when you reject something you don't know anything about. - Wayne Dyer

Our intention creates our reality. - Wayne Dyer

One of the most responsible things you can do as an adult is to become more of a child. - Wayne Dyer

Loving people live in a loving world. Hostile people live in a hostile world. - Wayne Dyer

Did you ever notice how difficult it is to argue with someone who is not obsessed with being right? - Wayne Dyer

Arguing is really saying, If you were really more like me, then I could like you better.	 - Wayne Dyer

There is nothing so stable as change. - Bob Dylan

Money doesn't talk, it swears. - Bob Dylan

I think a poet is anybody who wouldn't call himself a poet. - Bob Dylan

He not busy being born is busy dying. - Bob Dylan

'Twas but my tongue, 'twas not my soul that swore. - Euripides 

When good men die their goodness does not perish, but lives though they are gone. As for the bad, all that was theirs dies and is buried with them. - Euripides 

This is slavery, not to speak one's thought. - Euripides 

There is one thing alone that stands the brunt of life throughout its course: a quiet conscience. - Euripides 

The variety of all things forms a pleasure. - Euripides 

Sweet is the remembrance of troubles when you are in safety. - Euripides 

Man's best possession is a sympathetic wife. - Euripides 

Every man is like the company he is wont to keep. - Euripides 

Chance fights ever on the side of the prudent. - Euripides 

A bad beginning makes a bad ending. - Euripides 

Criticism is nothing more than other people's opinion. - Clint Eastwood

'It will obliterate your senses!' reports David Gillin, who obviously writes autobiographically. - Roger Ebert

What makes us men is that we can think logically. What makes us human is that we sometimes choose not to. - Roger Ebert

The MPAA rates this PG-13. It is too vulgar for anyone under 13, and too dumb for anyone over 13. - Roger Ebert

Some men would rather pursue happiness than obtain it. - Roger Ebert

No matter what they're charging to get in, it's worth more to get out. - Roger Ebert

No good film is too long and no bad film is short enough. - Roger Ebert

I believe we are born with our minds open to wonderful experiences, and only slowly learn to limit ourselves to narrow tastes. We are taught to lose our curiosity by the bludgeon-blows of mass marketing, which brainwash us to see 'hits,' and discourage exploration. - Roger Ebert

I arrive at the end of this review having done my duty as a critic. I have described the movie accurately and you have a good idea what you are in for if you go to see it. Most of you will not. I cannot argue with you. Some of you will--the brave and the curious. You embody the spirit of the man who first wondered what it would taste like to eat an oyster. - Roger Ebert

All good art is about something deeper than it admits. - Roger Ebert

What a man's mind can create, man's character can control. - Thomas Edison

What a man's mind can create, man's character can control. - Thomas Edison

We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything. - Thomas Edison

Until man duplicates a blade of grass, nature can laugh at his so-called scientific knowledge. - Thomas Edison

To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk. - Thomas Edison

There's a way to do it better - find it. - Thomas Edison

There will one day spring from the brain of science a machine or force so fearful in its potentialities, so absolutely terrifying, that even man, the fighter, who will dare torture and death in order to inflict torture and death, will be appalled, and so abandon war forever. - Thomas Edison

There is time for everything. - Thomas Edison

There is no substitute for hard work. - Thomas Edison

There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking. - Thomas Edison

The value of an idea lies in the using of it. - Thomas Edison

The best thinking has been done in solitude. The worst has been done in turmoil. - Thomas Edison

Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure. - Thomas Edison

Religion is all bunk. - Thomas Edison

Opportunity is missed by most people because it comes dressed in overalls and looks like work. - Thomas Edison

Non-violence leads to the highest ethics, which is the goal of all evolution. Until we stop harming all other living beings, we are still savages. - Thomas Edison

Nearly every man who develops an idea works it up to the point where it looks impossible, and then he gets discouraged. That's not the place to become discouraged. - Thomas Edison

Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up. - Thomas Edison

Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless. - Thomas Edison

It is astonishing what an effort it seems to be for many people to put their brains definitely and systematically to work. - Thomas Edison

If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves. - Thomas Edison

I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. - Thomas Edison

I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world. - Thomas Edison

I continue to find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success. - Thomas Edison

I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward. - Thomas Edison

Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something. - Thomas Edison

Great ideas originate in the muscles. - Thomas Edison

Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration. - Thomas Edison

You teach me baseball and I'll teach you relativity...no we must not. You will learn about relativity faster than I learn baseball. - Albert Einstein

When the solution is simple, God is answering. - Albert Einstein

When I study philosophical works I feel I am swallowing something which I don't have in my mouth. - Albert Einstein

When I examine myself and my methods of thought, I come to the conclusion that the gift of fantasy has meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge. - Albert Einstein

We should take care not to make the intellect our god; it has, of course, powerful muscles, but no personality. - Albert Einstein

We have to do the best we can. This is our sacred human responsibility. - Albert Einstein

To know what is impenetrable to us really exists, manifesting itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty...this knowledge, this feeling is at the center of true religiousness. - Albert Einstein

There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. - Albert Einstein

The world we have created is a product of our thinking; it cannot be changed without changing our thinking. - Albert Einstein

The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing. - Albert Einstein

The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them. - Albert Einstein

The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources. - Albert Einstein

The only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once. - Albert Einstein

The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible. - Albert Einstein

The more I study science, the more I believe in God. - Albert Einstein

The man who regards life as meaningless is not merely unfortunate, but almost disqualified for life. - Albert Einstein

The laws of gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. - Albert Einstein

The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax. - Albert Einstein

The grand aim of all science is to cover the greatest number of empirical facts by logical deduction from the smallest number of hypotheses or axioms. - Albert Einstein

The finest emotion of which we are capable is the mystic emotion. Herein lies the germ of all art and all true science. Anyone to whom this feeling is alien, who is no longer capable of wonderment and lives in a state of fear is a dead man. To know that what is impenatrable for us really exists and manifests itself as the highest wisdom and the most radiant beauty, whose gross forms alone are intelligible to our poor faculties - this knowledge, this feeling ... that is the core of the true religious sent iment. In this sense, and in this sense alone, I rank myself amoung profoundly religious men. - Albert Einstein

The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits. - Albert Einstein

Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind. - Albert Einstein

Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one. - Albert Einstein

Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute. THAT'S relativity. - Albert Einstein

Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former. - Albert Einstein

Now he has departed from this strange world a little ahead of me. That means nothing. People like us, who believe in physics, know that the distinction between past, present, and future is only a stubbornly persistent illusion. - Albert Einstein

Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted. - Albert Einstein

No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong. - Albert Einstein

Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler. - Albert Einstein

It was the experience of mystery -- even if mixed with fear -- that engendered religion. - Albert Einstein

It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge. - Albert Einstein

It is my conviction that killing under the cloak of war is nothing but an act of murder. - Albert Einstein

It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. - Albert Einstein

Information is not knowledge. - Albert Einstein

In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity. - Albert Einstein

If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it? - Albert Einstein

If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts. - Albert Einstein

If A is a success in life, than A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut. - Albert Einstein

I want to know God's thoughts...the rest are details. - Albert Einstein

I think and think for months and years, ninety-nine times, the conclusion is false. The hundredth time I am right. - Albert Einstein

How on earth are you ever going to explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love? - Albert Einstein

How I wish that somewhere there existed an island for those who are wise and of goodwill! In such a place even I would be an ardent patriot. - Albert Einstein

Heroism at command, senseless brutality, and all the loathsome nonsense that goes by the name of patriotism, how violently I hate all this, how despicable and ignoble war is; I would rather be torn to shreds than be part of so base an action! - Albert Einstein

Great spirits have always encountered violent oppostion from mediocre minds. - Albert Einstein

God is clever, but not dishonest. - Albert Einstein

God does not play dice with the universe. - Albert Einstein

Generations to come will scarce believe that such a one as [Gandhi] ever in flesh and blood walked upon this earth. - Albert Einstein

Every day, man is making bigger and better fool-proof things, and every day, nature is making bigger and better fools. So far, I think nature is winning. - Albert Einstein

Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen. - Albert Einstein

But could not our situation be compared to one of a menacing epidemic? People are unable to view this situation in its true light, for their eyes are blinded by passion. General fear and anxiety create hatred and aggressiveness. The adaptation to warlike aims and activities has corrupted the mentality of man; as a result, intelligent, objective and humane thinking has hardly any effect and is even suspected and persecuted as unpatriotic. - Albert Einstein

Before God we are equally wise and equally foolish. - Albert Einstein

As the circle of light increases, so does the circumference of darkness around it. - Albert Einstein

As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality. - Albert Einstein

Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. - Albert Einstein

Any fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius -- and a lot of courage -- to move in the opposite direction. - Albert Einstein

A man's ethical behavior should be based effectually on sympathy, education, and social ties; no religious basis is necessary. Man would indeed be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment and hope of reward after death. - Albert Einstein

You do not lead by hitting people over the head — that's assault, not leadership. - Dwight Eisenhower

Without a doubt, psychological warfare has proven its right to a place of dignity in our military arsenal. - Dwight Eisenhower

When you are in any contest you should work as if there were, to the very last minute, a chance to lose it. - Dwight Eisenhower

When you appeal to force, there's one thing you must never do - lose. - Dwight Eisenhower

We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it. - Dwight Eisenhower

Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. - Dwight Eisenhower

Things are more like they are today than they have ever been before. - Dwight Eisenhower

There is one thing about being President, no one can tell you when to sit down. - Dwight Eisenhower

There is no glory in battle worth the blood it costs. - Dwight Eisenhower

There is -- in world affairs -- a steady course to be followed between an assertion of strength that is truculent and a confession of helplessness that is cowardly. - Dwight Eisenhower

The world moves, and ideas that were good once are not always good. - Dwight Eisenhower

The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionable integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office. - Dwight Eisenhower

The president cannot escape from his office. - Dwight Eisenhower

The only way to win World War III is to prevent it. - Dwight Eisenhower

The history of free men is never really written by chance but by choice -- their choice. - Dwight Eisenhower

The eyes of the world are upon you. The hopes and prayers of liberty-loving people everywhere march with you. - Dwight Eisenhower

Speeches are for the younger men who are going places. And I'm not going anyplace except six feet under the floor of that little chapel adjoining the museum and library at Abilene. - Dwight Eisenhower

Politics is a profession; a serious, complicated and, in its true sense, a noble one. - Dwight Eisenhower

Peace and justice are two sides of the same coin. - Dwight Eisenhower

Only Americans can hurt America. - Dwight Eisenhower

Neither a wise man nor a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him. - Dwight Eisenhower

Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. - Dwight Eisenhower

In the counsels of Government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the Military Industrial Complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists, and will persist. We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or democratic processes. - Dwight Eisenhower

In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-industrial complex. - Dwight Eisenhower

If you want total security, go to prison. There you're fed, clothed, given medical care and so on. The only thing lacking... is freedom. - Dwight Eisenhower

If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order. - Dwight Eisenhower

If men can develop weapons that are so terrifying as to make the thought of global war include almost a sentence for suicide, you would think that man's intelligence and his comprehension... would include also his ability to find a peaceful solution. - Dwight Eisenhower

I would rather try to persuade a man to go along, because once I have persuaded him he will stick. If I scare him, he will stay just as long as he is scared, and then he is gone. - Dwight Eisenhower

I thought it completely absurd to mention my name in the same breath as the Presidency. - Dwight Eisenhower

I like to believe that people in the long run are going to do more to promote peace than our governments. Indeed, I think that people want peace so much that one of these days governments had better get out of their way and let them have it. - Dwight Eisenhower

I have one yardstick by which I test every major problem-and that yardstick is: Is it good for America? - Dwight Eisenhower

I hate war as only a soldier who has lived it can, only as one who has seen its brutality, its futility, its stupidity. - Dwight Eisenhower

I feel impelled to speak today in a language that in a sense is new-one which I, who have spent so much of my life in the military profession, would have preferred never to use. That new language is the language of atomic warfare. - Dwight Eisenhower

I despise people who go to the gutter on either the right or the left and hurl rocks at those in the center. - Dwight Eisenhower

I deplore the need or the use of troops anywhere to get American citizens to obey the orders of constituted courts. - Dwight Eisenhower

I can think of nothing more boring for the American people than to have to sit in their living rooms for a whole half hour looking at my face on their television screens. - Dwight Eisenhower

Humility must always be the portion of any man who receives acclaim earned in blood of his followers and sacrifices of his friends. - Dwight Eisenhower

History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. - Dwight Eisenhower

From this day forward, the millions of our schoolchildren will daily proclaim in every city and town, every village and rural schoolhouse, the dedication of our nation and our people to the Almighty. - Dwight Eisenhower

Few women, I fear, have had such reason as I have to think the long sad years of youth were worth living for the sake of middle age. - Dwight Eisenhower

Farming looks mighty easy when your plow is a pencil and you're a thousand miles from the corn field. - Dwight Eisenhower

Every step we take towards making the State our Caretaker of our lives, by that much we move toward making the State our Master. - Dwight Eisenhower

Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. - Dwight Eisenhower

Don't join the book burners. Do not think you are going to conceal thoughts by concealing evidence that they ever existed. - Dwight Eisenhower

Do not needlessly endanger your lives until I give you the signal. - Dwight Eisenhower

Any man who wants to be president is either an egomaniac or crazy. - Dwight Eisenhower

An intellectual is a man who takes more words than necessary to tell more than he knows. - Dwight Eisenhower

A vital element in keeping the peace is our military establishment. Our arms must be mighty, ready for instant action, so that no potential aggressor may be temped to risk his own destruction. - Dwight Eisenhower

A sense of humor is part of the art of leadership, of getting along with people, of getting things done. - Dwight Eisenhower

A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both. - Dwight Eisenhower

When I see a play and understand it the first time, then I know it can't be much good. - T.S. Eliot

We know too much, and are convinced of too little. Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion. - T.S. Eliot

The last temptation is the greatest treason: to do the right deed for the wrong reason. - T.S. Eliot

Television is a medium of entertainment which permits millions of people to listen to the same joke at the same time, and yet remain lonesome. - T.S. Eliot

Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers. - T.S. Eliot

Poetry may make us from time to time a little more aware of the deeper, unnamed feelings which form the substratum of our being, to which we rarely penetrate; for our lives are mostly a constant evasion of ourselves. - T.S. Eliot

Poetry is not a turning loose of emotion, but an escape from emotion; it is not the expression of personality, but an escape from personality. But, of course, only those who have personality and emotions know what it means to want to escape from these things. - T.S. Eliot

Playwriting gets into your blood and you can't stop it. At least, not until the producers or the public tell you to. - T.S. Eliot

Our high respect for a well read person is praise enough for literature. - T.S. Eliot

Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. - T.S. Eliot

It's strange that words are so inadequate. Yet, like the asthmatic struggling for breath, so the lover must struggle for words. - T.S. Eliot

In the vain laughter of folly, wisdom hears half its applause. - T.S. Eliot

Immature poets imitate; mature poets steal. - T.S. Eliot

If you desire to drain to the dregs the fullest cup of scorn and hatred that a fellow human being can pour out for you, let a young mother hear you call dear baby it."" - T.S. Eliot

 If you aren't in over your head, how do you know how tall you are? - T.S. Eliot

Genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood. - T.S. Eliot

For us, there is only the trying. The rest is not our business. - T.S. Eliot

Business today consists in persuading crowds. - T.S. Eliot

As things are, and as fundamentally they must always be, poetry is not a career, but a mug's game. No honest poet can ever feel quite sure of the permanent value of what he has written: He may have wasted his time and messed up his life for nothing. - T.S. Eliot

Anxiety is the hand maiden of creativity. - T.S. Eliot


An election is coming. Universal peace is declared and the foxes have a sincere interest in prolonging the lives of the poultry. - T.S. Eliot

He was like a cock who thought the sun had risen to hear him crow. - George Eliot

Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together. - George Eliot

Blessed is the man, who having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact. - George Eliot

My son first wanted to go to Stanford, which I thought was O.K. The weather is pretty good, and it's a fairly short drive to the beach. But it wouldn't be as good as let's say, Pepperdine, which is in Malibu. And he said, 'Dad, what about the education?' I said, 'Clearly, I failed as a parent.' - Larry Ellison

Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

When a whole nation is roaring patriotism at the top of its voice, I am fain to explore the cleanness of its hands and purity of its heart. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies with in us. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

We are shut up in schools and college recitation rooms for ten or fifteen years, and come out at last with a bellyful of words and do not know a thing. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

United States! Go put your creed into your deed. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

The wise man always throws himself on the side of his assailants. It is more his interest than it is theirs to find his weak point. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

The secret of education is respecting the pupil. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

The only way to have a friend is to be one. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

The mind does not create what it perceives, any more than the eye creates the rose. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

The louder he talked of his honor, the faster we counted our spoons. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

The definition of success--To laugh much; to win respect of intelligent persons and the affections of children; to earn the approbation of honest critics and endure the betrayal of false friends; to appreciate beauty; to find the best in others; to give one's self; to leave the world a little better, whether by a healthy child, a garden patch, or a redeemed social condition.; to have played and laughed with enthusiasm, and sung with exultation; to know even one life has breathed easier because you have lived--this is to have succeeded. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

The best of life is conversation, and the greatest success is confidence, or perfect understanding between two people. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

Rings and jewels are not gifts but apologies for gifts. The only true gift is a portion of yourself. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

People only see what they are prepared to see. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

Our best thoughts come from others. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

Music takes us out of the actual and whispers to us dim secrets that startle our wonder as to who we are, and for what, whence, and whereto. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

Men are what their mothers made them. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

Life is a festival only to the wise. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

Let the river roll which way it will, cities will rise on its banks. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

Knowledge is knowing that we cannot know. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

It is not length of life, but depth of life. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

I hate the giving of the hand unless the whole man accompanies it. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

I hate quotations. Tell me what you know. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

He has not learned the lesson of life who does not every day surmount a fear. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

God offers to every mind its choice between truth and repose. Take which you please - you can never have both. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

God enters by a private door into every individual. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed. When friendships are real, they are not glass threads or frost work, but the solidest things we know. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

Creative force, like a musical composer, goes on unweariedly repeating a simple air or theme, now high, now low, in solo, in chorus, ten thousand times reverberated, till it fills earth and heaven with the chant. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

Courage consists in the power of self-recovery. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

As soon as beauty is sought not from religion and love, but for pleasure, it degrades the seeker. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

A hero is no braver than an ordinary person, but he is braver five minutes longer. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

A great part of courage is the courage of having done the thing before. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

A friend is the hope of the heart. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

A friend is one before whom you may think aloud. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

To those who do not know mathematics it is difficult to get across a real feeling as to the beauty, the deepest beauty, of nature. If you want to learn about nature, to appreciate nature, it is necessary to understand the language that she speaks in. - Richard P. Feynman

The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool. - Richard P. Feynman

Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that's not why we do it. - Richard P. Feynman

It is in the admission of ignorance and the admission of uncertainty that there is a hope for the continuous motion of human beings in some direction that doesn't get confined, permanently blocked, as it has so many times before in various periods in the history of man. - Richard P. Feynman

All theoretical chemistry is really physics; and all theoretical chemists know it. - Richard P. Feynman

I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is two weeks. - Totie Fields
